Business Process Improvement MeetingWed, Oct 01, 2025 10:48AM ¥ 3:59:42SUMMARY KEYWORDSBusiness process improvement, workflow consistency, customer experience, employee experience, brand experience, AI integration, onboarding bot, SOP bot, neuro diversity, inclusive learning, Google tools, Westpac account, refund request, branch visit, technical role transition.SPEAKERSSpeaker 5, Isabelle Emery, Speaker 9, Speaker 3, Speaker 1, Speaker 7, Speaker 2, Speaker 4, Speaker 8, Speaker 6, Lisa GaleaLisa Galea  00:00Idea, could you answer that question for me to make sure we all really are clear about what we want as expectations and what would be useful for you? You know? I mean, this would be amazing if I could do this. Oh, yeah.Isabelle Emery 00:13So we're talking about that whole business design the company. Okay, so, sorry, there's a few things going on my brain.Lisa Galea  00:26That's okay. Yeah, darling. I know the feeling on that. I'm no stress. It's a lot to be asked straight away in the morning.Isabelle Emery 00:33Mine's more like the logistics of it for having things that are standardized and will flow on to each other in a consistent manner.Isabelle Em  00:44Mine's sort of that way, rather than the details of what it pumps out of sort of thing, like how it's going to work for everybody in their areas. Yeah. So yeah, like that, yeah. You wanting? Yeah, you're more about the we're about the workflow. Yes, yeah. Like, Helena and I about, like, getting a very excited about the ideas, making sure we got the storytelling, yes. And then I'm more like, okay, where does the data come from? And what the data sort of that detail there. It's good to have a little useful person likeLisa Galea  01:20that story. Kelly, so, yeah, no, that's, that's cool. That's good. I wanted, that's what I wanted to make sure where you wanted, like, where you were involved, andIsabelle Emery 01:29how, yeah, Helena is very good at the she's very good at the creative and the outcome and what she needs. Whereas I'm, I like to know where everything's coming from, so I can make sure it's all correct, so the outcome is all, all correct,Lisa Galea  01:42consistent? No, that's what we need. Yeah, well, really, the goal is, that's what I My goal is consistency. That's what I said to your dad. It really doesn't matter if, yeah, a shit logo can be consistent, as long as it's consistent. That's all that matters. Like, really, as long as they know, oh, there's you with the shit logo, and you, they trust you. Who cares about your logo? It is really not that important. So yes, I'm not focused on making much changes in terms of that way, but I do think we can really improve the customer experience. Yes, and that's what, that's what I'm looking at, is how can we really improveIsabelle Emery 02:17brand exactly the consistency, so the customers can find what they'reLisa Galea  02:23looking for easily. Yeah, yeah, it's really an integration of the customer experience, the employee experience and the brand experience. That's what we're aiming for, is them overlapping, so that it's easy. The employees are having a great experience using it, and that means customers, you know, it all flows through. So, yeah, we want to make it easier, because I did understand that with the International stuff. Obviously there's different languages.Isabelle Emery 02:49Yes, there's different languages, but also you need that consistencyLisa Galea  02:53as well, yeah, exactly, because you want to know what's going on. Exactly, yeah, exactly. That's perfect. I know it's good. I've worked in stuff I know we used to do. I said it like 17 back labels for James the Jacobs Creek went to 17 countries. So every single country had its own rules and regulations. And you're like, Okay, that was my job to be in charge of mandatories. So yes, we will sort that out, but that's good. Now, what's your schedule looking like? It? Is it? Are you flat out or you what time factor Have you got to put ontoIsabelle Emery 03:29it? I'm pretty much we've just hired someone to take over my role, so I'm sort of transitioning into sort of a more technical based role, so I'll be quite available in the neck after next week to help you?Lisa Galea  03:44Perfect, perfect. Yeah. And then I think we can, I know, do some plan, I don't know. Well, do you think we need to talk together or wait until we've actually, me and Elena have sort of come up with stuff inIsabelle Emery 03:56terms of, you've come up so and then we can sort of pull things, pull it back. Okay, working more than the background details,Lisa Galea  04:04yeah, to save you wasting time, but then I'd also like to make sure I'm just, I'm looking thing, what can I do? I think I'm going to look at like, we'll do some stuff, just so you can do good research and sort of how you're going to start thinking about planning the workflows and using AI for that, yes, so you can sort of do the workflow picture for us to say, Okay, well, this is here, and that's got to go here, here and here, and I'll look at how you can use AI to make that way quicker. Perfect. That sounds great, yeah. And I am like, I'm really excited about my bot, because with, I'll send him to you afterwards. Um, he's pretty fun, and he's like a little wizard, and so he does onboarding, he does on boarding for, like, my team. And what I've done is put, like, all my target information, my business goals, in there. So when they finish work like any because there's, it's a symbiotic team. When they because I'm like, how am I going to keep them all on brand? And also we're talking about neuro diversity, and it's like, this is the language I want to make sure you're using, yes, so that's all in there. So anything that they put in, it can come out, and it will show them where they doesn't just change it. And then there's little keywords they can put it in, like key change, and it would just do it for them to fix their thing, either keep the brand voice or change it to the company brand voice, depending on what the piece is for. But I'm also then thinking I was going to put SOPs in him, but I'm thinking we just do an SOP bot who you just ask, Oh, how to do this? And she goes and grabs the right documents for you? Oh, that'd be, yeah, that'd be helpful, because no one ever does it, my friend, even if we set these up, because I did it at colotype, took me two years to make that document, and it's a big fat folder, and I don't know if anyone opened it, because they don't, because as if, when you're busy, you're not going to go, I think I better go into that big folder, try and work out to see if I can find it. Do you want to find it? Then run through it? And I've already meant to have done the job, whereas if we could just have someone and we set her up like, I've done a lot of research the last couple of years on how humans interact with bots. Yes, they like it, if it's fun and it's not pretending to be a real human. So it's like, go see, like, the, you know, I was like, Miss Polly came up because I was doing a dose one so I could remember to take my patch and my medicine. Sometimes I can't remember an hour after, right? So I put a little sticker. I just tap my phone, and it goes and adds it onto my calendar, done, and then it reminds me three days to take another one. So I made this, like, then I was like, Oh, Miss Polly. Could be tracking also how I felt, you know, how's your day? Did that hormone feeling help? Yes. So I was like, oh, it'd be good to just voice enter. And then so I made a little Miss Polly character. This probably had a dolly, and I'm sure she's gonna look after me. So I was like, having that sort of funness. And they're like, oh, I'll just go and check the SOP. If you make it like that where they're supporting them and making them look bad, it really makes it use you. It improves the user experience, because it's like, I don't have to go and go. It's like, oh, like,07:16people messageLisa Galea  07:19me all the time. Dr Lesley messaged me the other day. She's like, I'm like, I know that's why you need them to be bots that are obviously not humans, I think. But he's so good, he's so good, and then he's like, so I'm really anxious. I think I'll go and have a long nap now and put on my demagogy, which just gives you joy. But James was like, that gives me joy in the day, when I'm working. So I think those little things will make a huge difference to the whole experience. And I'm pretty excited, yes, so I will make time for next week. I think in Tuesdays and Thursdays, I'll look at what slot so we can lock that in, and then if we need to, I'm a very flexible human, really. I don't work my birthday like with customers. I don't work with customers at the birthday so, or anything. So obviously, um, so, but we can do some training. And I thought worst case as well, if we get stuck on week three, you guys can come down here for a day.Isabelle Emery 08:18Oh yeah, that'd be great.Lisa Galea  08:20And then really pump it out if we needed to get stuck towards the end. We were like, Okay, girls, we need to get this done now. We'll just because I know Helena was really like, wanting to be prepared for the Hong Kong trip, yes, which is mid November, I think end of end of November. So yeah, I'm like, if we're Amy, and I actually felt your dad messaged me, and I was like, oh my god, I'm so glad you said not four weeks and it's six. Because I was like, oh my god, I shouldn't have said that. I'm gonna have to pump my ass out for four weeks. I was like, Can you do this in four weeks? But six weeks will let us breathe, but it will still we're still pumping, but it's it's much better. It's better. It's much more realistic. Let's be honest. We can have magic little or CO helping me, but like, it is much more realistic because it lets us do that proper research and get into it. No, that'll be good, excellent, my friend, excellent. Well, this week, I'll just do some planning and get organized, and I will let you guys know some time for next week, I think, and we'll start working in our plan, little session for what we need. How do you go with your mate thing?Isabelle Emery 09:28And did you do working on it? I have a look. The output still isn't 100% right, but I'm still tweaking it here and there. So I'm still working.Lisa Galea  09:36Did you see I sent you the PDF with how to Yes, yeah, cool. Very helpful. Okay, good, good, good. There's also now I'm telling I built an app in 15 minutes last night. No way I am not joking. Lovable is free this week with Google back ends. So if you want to go have a play, just to do tools for yourself like that'd be bloody handy at home. The app that it builds, I have to say, I'm building them in Gemini. There's no way this stuff is useful for your business in terms of client facing or with data, yeah, but in terms of little tools that you could just make for yourself, like I made my mum a brain training app, it's pretty fun. And you could do like this, taking your tablets, or, like, have I done my water dosages? Have I done this? Yes, pretty much your iPhone. Your iPhone is basically a $2,000 AI agent that we are not using. It makes sense. Oh, my Lord. Over the weekend, I did wrote a whole course on how you do these, like, because I've got these stickers, NFCs, I bought them online. And it's like, you can put them anywhere. Tap it. Puts an order through. So your dad, like my guys, when they run out of shit, it's like, tap it. It comes straight to my inbox and goes into orders. Wow, yeah. And I'm like, wow, this is crazy, I know. And it looks like we can just then watch another video on Monday, and it's like, oh my god, like, chat GBT is like, in there. So if you go to shortcuts in your phone, you can just everything's in there. But that's what everyone says. And I'm like, oh my god, none of us are using this shit. I don't even need like you. It bypasses so many things like that. You need to make. Make is in there. You can integrate it. You can basically get meetings transcribed. You can get all your notes. I'm working out like a hashtag. So it's because I do use notes. I copy and paste it in there, all the time, all the time. And if I put a little hashtag. Now, I'm working out how that can go into notion as a task, so no copy and pasting. And also, you could go, if I write this hashtag, it's watching for that trigger, send it to chat GBT and go somewhere else, or go here, go there. Do you know what I mean? It's crazy. Yeah, that's awesome. I know already made Betty Bitsy so we can because then I was like, I don't think I need to even lose those images anymore. It puts three or four images together from your iPhone library, so you can show people as one photo. I know. Go online to YouTube, watch a 10 minute epic video of some crazy person who is using shortcuts with Apple. And I was like, because I'm like, I've written a course. Then I was like, it's like, I was going to do it to freebie. Because I'm like, all my people have iPhones, I'm pretty certain. And I'm like, 24 amazing things you could do. And I was like, so yeah, have a quick YouTube, my friend, it's pretty far. And also, I did say, your sister, that's the other thing. Go, are you using notebook?Lisa Galea  13:08Lm, I want you to 100% using that. It is free with Google, and that's the best place ever to learn. You could put in a specific review, like I'm putting all the documents, and then say, do a video audio, and then I walk the dog, and it tells me about it. It does learning cards. It does anything you want. It is like having your own notebook. So then when you're searching information, so that's where we'll be putting research, like on target, you're not going to the web anymore. You're only searching your own notebooks, and you can see YouTube. So when you go and get that little I don't even I can'tLisa Galea  13:56I find them. I put on speed up. But it's kind of a bit annoying to watch and learn. I don't know that I need to read it so our and, you know, it just doesn't work for me that YouTube things I just write act as an inclusive learning, design, education, programmer. I don't think you even have to say that, but it does do. I'm like, is that inclusive learning? And it does make it better, but it's basically, then, say, write me a step by step, a comprehensive step by step guide on making these shortcuts. And it just goes straight to your YouTube link. It gives you the full the full transcribes there, and it will give you a step by step so you don't even have to watch it. Oh, wow, that would be helpful. Very helpful. And you can even search in there and add more links in and do more stuff, you will be mind blowing this, like, I make a video to help your dad with the this is how you can make way better decisions. And for YouTube, learning anything. I'm telling you as soon as, like, people are like, how am I learning it? I just chuck it straight in there, yeah. And I just go and get the guidebook. Every single one of these AI tools has a problem. How do you do this? All these web pages like guide? So it's like, I just go and put all the links in and go, there's my guide. And now I'm like, How do you do this? So I don't ever have to look it up. Then I'm like, tell me all the things I must know to use this program. Boom. And when I'm stuck, I just go back there and ask the rest It's crazy to learn, and now it makes videos for you. So it even explained my shit. I couldn't really communicate properly to other people. Somehow, it's done that in six minutes. And I'm like, the video is still not at this point, I would say, amazing, yes, but it's still amazing. So it makes a video and the audio, you can download the audio so you can ask questions to the podcasters. So I wouldn't know about that. Like, when I had a client interview, I was like, just putting all the shit about the people. Then I was like, What do I need to know about this company? Like, what are their values like? And they're just for a dog walk,16:07and it just comes out like a podcast,Lisa Galea  16:10crazy, crazy. And then you can download that one, like, I'm saying, it's explained all your whole if you put in all your marketing shit, it would explain it all as a podcast. And you can download that. It's like two people talking to each other, and then you just say that the other way. I make that like a first person narrative. It's crazy good. So that is definitely where you need to start. That's where I'm going to definitely start your dad for saving stuff. But I'll also give you some tips on how you can name it and save things back in there to make it the target for target audience. I've worked out how to do stuff so you can sort of move through the process and it's not chaos. You can have up to 3000 links in there. Wow, I wouldn't recommend that. Like, yeah, you could, but you can definitely add, imagine every Everything's in there, like you can ask every question, and it's only going to your documents. You will find it. It's amazing for inclusive learning. It's crazy. I'm using it for all I mean, I'm using it for all my mentors. I'm teaching all my mentees. It's crazy. And I'm like, that is the game changer, and it's because it17:23links. It's Google,Lisa Galea  17:26and Google's the only one I trust. I mean, I trust Microsoft, to be honest, as well, but I don't use Microsoft. I'm an apple girl, but Google is my dad doing their hardest. And I'd also say your iPhone, the Apple intelligence, and the protective shit they've put on there is mind blowingly good, like they are all about protecting you. Apple, yeah, so it's, it's pretty impressive. When I saw it, I was like, mate, that's your specialty. Now they're like, Yeah, you're paying for privacy with this shit. Okay, so, yeah, Go have a play, and we're gonna have fun next week. I promise you we are, and I'll send you all CO and you can meet him. So I will speak to you soon my Dad and have the best day on purpose.- 1 -00Transcribed by https://otter.ai