EMI-Phone Helena Emery 250930-9.20Tue, Sep 30, 2025 9:18AM ¥ 39:26SUMMARY KEYWORDSProject management, Google folder, brand guidelines, AI tools, customer experience, marketing strategy, content plan, target market, Notion, Odoo, Slack, weekly coaching, international markets, decision-making, team collaboration.SPEAKERSLisa, Speaker 3, Helena E , Speaker 2, Lisa Galea, Helena ELisa Galea  00:08You I'mHelena E  03:16Hi, Lisa, how you going? I'm good. Thank you. How are you my friend? Yeah, very well. Thank you. Excellent. I'm excited too. ILisa  03:23think we're going to have some fun and win the game. My friend, I was like, Yeah, we're on fire. We can do this. Definitely. This is gonna be good fun, and we're gonna, like, just kick this out of the park. So I was like, Yes, I'm excited for that. I do know you're busy this week, so I thought that I'll get sorted with planning on what we need, okay, and also setting up, like the Google folder for assets and stuff. Now I've, I've got a lot of your assets, and they've got brand guide.Helena E   03:55Yes, there is one somewhere, because I've only just started working back from mom and dad, like maybe threeLisa  04:00weeks ago. Yes, I knew that. So you, I thought you're new on the game. You're going to take it up to the next level. Yeah, I thought that. I was like, Oh, she's been in the real world. This is gonna be really fun. So let's get organized. Because I really, honestly, I'm super excited, because I think if we get our stick together, I'm only getting organized for these bots, like, if we get our shit together, then we get the bots to do the work. Do you know, I remember when things aren't organized and no one knows what brand, colors and fonts, you just get in shit outputs, and also, your bots can't help you, because no one really knows what's going on. They can't guess. So I'm excited. That's what I've been doing, and it's fabulous. I think you are gonna I was like, I'm so excited for you girls to level up to. You will learn the targeting is just next level. What we can do it is like searching out people, and we'll know exactly. It's so cool because you can just find data everywhere. Well, people are just giving away their my friend, it's like a pick and mix in LinkedIn. You can go and choose who you want to work with once you know what the you're looking for, and they just hit the target. It's like, why wouldn't they choose this offer? Because it's exactly what they need. This is what they need. It's unbelievable. I used to do it by hand, and I'm telling you, it's, it's it's freaking mental that I can do it with AI, yes, oh my gosh. I feel like it'sHelena E   05:27what we need without throwing people at problems Exactly.Lisa  05:32And also, my whole point is about having fun on a journey and making it enjoyable. And you know, like for our customer experience, your experience, everybody's experience, we all have a much better time if it's enjoyable.05:45Yes, oh, gosh,Lisa  05:46absolutely. So that's our whole purpose. And you, you are a workplace. It's an example to other people and designing a place where people would want to work and you'd be proud of I know your parents, you have built something they're proud of, and they your dad thinks out of the box and has, you know, optimized that place. I've seen the growth. So, you know, I know, I know a lot of I believe the background that'll help me, because I know they're busy too, but I'm going to gather all the things I've got. I think your task this week is in between, if you can just be gathering all the assets, and I'll share with you a Google Photo where we can just dump that all in. Okay, so we get recon this week of where we're at,Helena E   06:31and when you say assets, you just mean we've got a brandLisa  06:35guidelines marketing, yeah, well, I'd say, really, we're going to have to look at everything, aren't we, on the brand? Yeah, that's Yeah, the whole brand. I really want to look at every customer. Touch point. That will be the goal. Okay, so at this point, we're looking at what do we got? Where are we to do, like a survey of insight. So that would be my goal this week, and then we'll look at that next week, and we'll also look at what time that you are dedicating to it so that we can make a schedule of when we canHelena E   07:06get you done when we met? Yeah, yeah, perfect. I can do that. Let's bring mine.Lisa  07:10Um, yeah, and I do think like I'd have been doing, like the weekly coaching now, and just doing the 15 minutes keeps us over me doing any monthly training, so us just keeping on top of that, I promise you, we got it, if you want it in four weeks. Yes, yeah. I think it's like, I said,Helena E   07:29we can't go over to Hong Kong. Yeah, going to conferencing Hong Kong. And I said, we can't be going over that, doing one thing, and then,Lisa  07:38like, a deadline, it's perfect. And when you're the best brain my friend. So I think twice a week would be great. I'm thinking Tuesday Thursdays, where we definitely have, like, a power up, and then you work out in between, obviously, what you better do? We'll we'll deal with that. But I think we definitely need a touching on Tuesdays and Thursdays. So let me know what time suit you best for that. And do you have a prefer that? Do you use Slack or anything at all at the moment for project management or any communications in your team? What do youHelena E   08:12Yes, so they use they've got a new system called Odoo, which is like, I'm going to call it a CRM system, but it's also got internal tagging and whatnot in it. But they use teams a lot.Lisa  08:29Okay, yeah, they use that Microsoft,08:31yeah, yeah.Lisa  08:34I think what we'll do is we keep adding your system till we sort our system, because we're extracting out to find out what we've got, we don't need to be putting more in there and duplicating it, yeah. So if we really extract out sort into the Google folder, what about if I was talking to like you, and is should I like, make a whatsapp channel where you can just, like, ask questions and do shit like that, so it all stays in one channel. Or do you prepare it long? Because I find if you start getting messages, what happens is, you remember, you can message me anytime and ask the question, right? You only stuck, yeah, but then you send it in one channel, and then I'm answering. No one knows where the hell we are,Helena E   09:16where it is. Yeah. I'm just thinking, because Odette doesn't have a work mobile number, but I guess she can do whatsapp on that computer.Lisa  09:25How can we? Well, she can do it. I think we can do whatever we want. Whatever suits the person is the easiest for them. I think because I don't like having to get everything else and other people don't use it. Just tell me, because I'm pretty certain that, like, I can just redirect. Okay, that gets sent to WhatsApp for Helena. You see what I mean like, so if you need a message, so just have a think. What's the best way so you could all stay on the same page, because that's the most important thing. I'll have a think about it this week as well. But if you could just message me, I would say your email after this call the best one, because I will use notion just for the project management where we're at already. Okay, cool, because that will just keep in meetings. Yeah, it's just easy, and it's free for everyone anyway, perfect. So that is good. Yeah, it's free. It's pretty handy. My friend, second brain. It's next level. Um, is there anything that, what's your wild outcome? So we got, like, a month, what's your outcome that you want to have it done by, by Hong Kong, obviously.Helena E   10:32Yeah, I guess, I guess. I don't know if Dad explained it to you, but one of the biggest bottlenecks or pain points of the commercial team at the moment is that everyone is expected to sell, which is fine because that's their job, but they are also having to micromanage marketing, and our marketing girl, Bless her, cotton socks, is very good at putting things together once we've given her everything, to the point where we should just done it ourselves and it would have been quicker. Yeah. So, but in saying that, I said to dad, what marketing strategy is she following? Have you approved a six month content plan like, what is she? What is she actually working on? And Doug goes, oh, you know, we don't have that.Lisa  11:24Yeah, you haven't set her up for success.Helena E   11:27Yeah? I said, well, she's, she hasn't even got the bumpers up on the bowling lane. She's not even at the right bowling alley, like she needs to. Yeah, and and more, for the fact of not that we don't think she's good at her job more. So take that responsibility off the commercial team so they can go and sell,Lisa  11:46yeah, so they can input, like, from a form. This is what I need to do. And then basically, she takes over because most of the structure is already there. And then she can send back at least a first draft where she can move from, you know, like, so, I mean, it's happy they are. I think that's, that's the point is, really, with the systems I've designed, I'm like, setting up my team members based on their own signature. So say, like, um, Isabel, DS, Lexi, it would my task that I can give them it then translates it for her to set her up for success. Because when we delegate, we want to make sure the person gets it done. It builds their confidence, and it means our lives easier. But if we're not delegating properly, then we've got no chance. So that that's good to know that that's one of the major bottlenecks you see that you want to flow. So when they're in Hong Kong, or if you've got a lead, you want it flowing that quick?Helena E   12:45Yeah, yeah. And I guess the other thing as well is we went over to America at Easter, and I don't know if it's a good thing yet, but I stupidly jumped in front of these two men that looked very important. And one of the blokes, George is now, I think he's coming on board as a contract to us, or contract for us to grow our business over in the US. And we have pretty much nothing, no content, no assets, no anything for any international markets talking in their language, like they don't even call a CSD, a CSD. They call it a HSPA or something. Like, we've actually got nothing we can send him to go and sell for us. Yeah, and, and that has been put in the two heart basket, like we went over Easter, and we're almost in October, and when everyone's kind of fluffing around and giving him what we can. I don't know if he's signed on yet, but I do know that that is happening before the end of the year, and we've just, we've got no way of turning our Australian content in the branding that we want globally to be, I don't know country specific, like youLisa  14:06are what I'm saying, what I'm saying, I'm doing in converting for tasks. What we want is if we could put in the Australian content and it converts it for the US market, because it knows exactly their communication style and what theySpeaker 2  14:24need. Yes, that would be amazing.Lisa  14:27So maybe this week, one of your tasks is to write a list of all the things you see as urgent, because the logo and the brand guide is really irrelevant. Like, by the end, Jillian, I think you've got one, like, there's no I'm like, why would they be doing a new logo?14:46I like our logo, andLisa  14:48you've been around a long time, you have got no need to change that. And if we needed, like, I think taglines, you should work with Nellie, my friend. She's fabulous. I have got some pretty cool like, we might need to add, but you just add a basic font title we done. That is all we would need to do to make a department. You know what I mean. So I'll look at what assets I've got, and if you gather assets, I'll put that all together. And then if we just make that list. So next week, we can work with AI and say, What are we going to get done and how we're going to do it? Yeah? Because I think we work to the outcomes more than we work to, like, the discovery happens in making those outcomes properly, yeah, okay. Because otherwise, like, that's what doing a sprint is. Let's just not just keep looking, yeah, we get, we get the insights of where you're at. And then we just start, and then we'll say, Okay, we need to really do target market and find out exactly who that person is. And then I'll walk through with AI, how you do that. And then you can, like, go dig, dig, dig, and I'll show you how you put it together. Are you using notebook? Lm, no. I highly recommend, my friend, get that on board today, because that is fabulous for you. And I'll be showing you how to use that properly so can do target research, market research, and it's basically, can hold everything and then you can that's what we're really missing. When your dad said stuff, I was like, no, but Helen, my friend, you need to know how to make decisions. But now I've worked out how to label them, do the questions in there, the market research, and then you sort of make another source. So, like, that's my complete target knowledge base. Yeah, wow. And I've done all the research, and then I'll be like, go and look through and find like gaps in the market where my clients are not serving, like, where are people failing? You can just ask any question you want. For every single bit of data you've gathered on competitor analysis, everything you want my friend and you can search in there. Okay, right? So it's just crazy how you use it. It's one of the things that I do need to do for social media, because I think, like when your dad said last night what he needs, I believe that those sort of executives need their own mastermind because, like, they need to know how to make decisions, and this AI will give them the edge, yeah, and if they're not using it properly, they won't incorporate it in their teams. Because, to be honest, I think younger people are looking at a lot of leaders, not your dad, but they're looking at them and laughing and thinking you're an idiot, because I do it to my husband all the time, and so distract. And because we think they're an idiot in AI and they've got no idea on Tech, we actually discount them in other information, yeah, because of our stupid brains, right? And because of that, it means, no, you need leaders with experience, like 70 years old. You know, he can add value, but because of how we treat him over the tech, it's probably not useful. Do you know what I mean? I know I can see us doing that, and I know that that's what's happening. So younger teens are kicking out older people because of that, not knowing how to deal with communication and not seeing their value, because it really does in their brain, I think you're an idiot as if you don't know that, you know what I mean.Helena E   18:12Yeah, right. And your brain just loopsLisa  18:15that all we just bias is picking like you're an idiot. So it's not useful when that's your boss, and it's not useful if you're running like even a bigger business. Imagine and you think the leadership team, what's happening is the people on the floor are using AI Well, willy nilly, way better than the people in the leadership team, yeah, and so they're looking up and thinking, you guys are idiots. You don't even know how to use this So, and that's not a good way to be in a position as a leader in a business. It's not a good attitude to develop. So I mean, I know your dad thinks out of the box, so it's good, and that's why it's so fun, because I think we can really, like, I've developed, like, you can just ask them the questions, we develop a knowledge base on that audience, and then we just name him. You should talk to some of my boss. It's so fun. And basically, then you can just ask him, like, what's your pain? Doesn't lie. Like humans, he knows exactly what their pain is, and like, tells them what, like, how we can solve the problem. What's the symptom? What do they think they have? What words are they using? Like, it's a gold mine. And then you can just talk it. Anytime you make an offer up, you can, I just made that up for my team. So anytime they do content, it can be ran through make sure it's speaking in an inclusive language, which I've put as the guide for the communication for the company. Then it also checks on the target audience to make sure we're solving a problem, and also checks our company goals to make sure it's leading towards where we want. And they get that feedback. They get that feedback so they get asked, if they don't, doesn't it change. They get told, this is where it needs changing. And then they can type in keywords that I've put in in sequences that run so they don't have to do them, they could type in like Echo, which means echo, our brand voice, because it what they want it in our brand voice, not theirs. And so then it will rewrite it in our brand voice. Lovely. I'll send you a video afterwards, and then you ever use some of these called Echo and he's the Oracle, okay? Because I said to your dad, honestly, I've also studied on how he was into that report, like, when we should be using them for our customers and when we shouldn't, because I've got one on my Abby dances all the time. Yeah, way nicer than me. Hello. Um, I watch it all the time, because it comes in exactly every time. So if there's ever an issue, I can jump in, yeah. It just makes me laugh all the time, because I'd be like, yes, that would be my answer. And it's like, it really cares about this. So I'm like, I love you, and that's what happens. You have to remind it's better in our brains if we make it a character, because it keeps that separation of us knowing as AI and everybody's team, because it gets very confusing. You start liking them, okay? You start having to remind yourself professor Pitt doesn't give a shit about the beginning afterwards. Like, you know what? I mean? He's coach you through it. He doesn't really care. So it's much better when I've studied on our actual race, almost fun character,Helena E  21:24because it makes it likeLisa  21:28everyone loves working, oh my god, Professor, because he says fun viosious And he says silly things, because he's an English professor who likes Pippin apples, and he's just like all about 10, of course, and all that, really, that I know my team would love, right? So it gives them joy to work with him. Yes, yeah. And that's what you want, because then you go use it, because he's using the SOP. That's what I've seen. I've made these stupid big brands that I books. I've always no one ever touches the thing. No one touches it. So they giveHelena E   22:07me a 50 page thing with pictures and graphs and stuff. Well, I'll read it once, and then won't look at it ever again.Lisa  22:13Yeah, if you're lucky, you'll read it once, like I'll just shove it because I'm being overwhelmed. I've even found when we've been running our like mentoring and coaching programs in Papua New Guinea, Dr Leslie's assets are mind blowingly good, right? You would be. You're set up for life, right? I realize none of them are using them, because she gives us them on the first day, right? So she gives them out. And I'm like, it's too much information in one go, like we're still just getting our mentors. We're doing this. We're asking the questions, like, I run the program with her, and I'm like, they've noted that I opened the book. So now with like my ones, we review the meetings, and it can tell me what assets are in there that would be useful. That's what I've been building. Because obviously I know how to think, but a lot of them in Muppets, my friend, this is what we have to set up the world for. And when you do that, it makes it much easier for everybody in them, because they look like stars, because you set them up success, they feel confident to take control over stuff. It's way better. And then they have a box. Yeah, it's good. I'm very excited for you. You'll have fun because so I will leave you to have your meetings today, and I'm going to just get in and start making all your folders and setting up how we will do this. But yes, I'm excited. And then when you do do it's having notebook is one of the game changes. Because any of our research, we can just keep adding into that.Helena E   23:49Okay, perfect. I've just drilled that down, so I need to send you my email. I'll put the content in the Google folder that you're going to send me. I'll start jotting down a list of urgent outputs, yeah, and then I'll get onto notebook.Lisa  24:05Lm, perfect, perfect. Get into notebook. Lm, because you're going to have your own one. But I'm also thinking as well, it would be good what they've done Google is made it annoying that you can't share unless it's in your team with the same email. Okay, so if we're both in the same team, it's fab, right? Which for the cost of the Google account, which I think we get free for 30 days, right? My dear, I'll wait, but maybe next week, I'll set it up a Google account, and then you would be able to access and we'd have one, which would be growing as a I'll have a think about the best way to set that up. It would actually not be better. It's in your name, and I can access yours through an email, yeah? Because otherwise, then it'll be your asset, which will be way better. So I will think of the process, but you, you will have fun, my friend.Helena E   24:55Yeah, perfect. Yay. I can't wait Lisa, to feel like this is what we need, yes.Lisa  25:00And I also thought if we needed to in the second weekend, if you needed to, you might have to come and do a full day power up here. Okay, get out the office and get done.Helena E   25:11I'm at the coast, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, nextLisa  25:14week. And where are you based? Normally,25:16Toowoomba.Lisa  25:19Oh, your miles up north. Yeah, oh, three hour address. I know you guys. I know Mike Jack was in Billa Wheeler. They drive up there, like, it's nothing in one day. One day it's like, I'm just going to bill a wheeler. I'm like, okay, whatever. Like, that's, I don't even go to bloody Byron. It's too far away. Um, so, yeah, let's have a thing see how we go. Because I do know that's the other way of getting a sprint done is to say, right, you both need to get your shit here and we finish this off. So that might even be week three. We want to be really organized when that happens, so that when we're doing that, it's beneficial, but we will see. But that's it. We're both, I said to your dad, we're all on the team to get this shit done, so let's aim for done. And it's better. It's better than saying, I mean, I it will be going to be pushing my friend, but let's aim for done. Yeah, no, I reckon we can. I reckon we can do it. We can. That's right, if you guys are on board. I really think, especially with AI, it changes the game. Yeah, it changes the game. Honestly, it's like, what it took me six weeks. I can do in three days. Yeah, wow. So it's mental. It's mental because I'm just scraping data everywhere. I'm really excited. I know I still feel evil because I'm like, but don't you think so even no one really knows what I do. Elena, because no one likes advertising, do they? No. And as soon as26:44you say marketing, oh God. AndLisa  26:46I'm like, I'm actually quite proud that I've been advertising. We make people do good shit. We made you drink water bottle out of bottles when it came from your fucking taps, mate. So I think you should have a little bit more respect for us. You know what I mean? Have some respect for our industry, and now we know how to nudge people to do shit. So why would you not want us in your team? Absolutely, and have some respect for how we think and and it's like, but the problem is, even now, I'm like, No, you know what? I should set that up as an executive AI group, because I still have that nervous what I can give you can be used for evil. Oh, okay, this one, of course it can, because you can make people do shit. It's not really allowed, my friend, unless you're ethical about this shit. You know what? I mean, we are ethical. I mean, luckily, I've got gray lines, but basically, we're ethical. Yes, we're ethical. If it's out there, it's public, I'm not being, you know, I've got some rules. Hey, bendy, I'm bendy, but I never break rules. Okay? I just make the rules, like how I see them. I might do that, but I never break them that I would go into prison, and I do. I wouldn't make people you can't really make people do what they don't want,28:03but people are, well, yes,Lisa  28:06follow a dickhead standing that two people in the queue. They follow. No one even needs to know why. Come on, they're idiots, right? So basically, once you know that and you start working with it, it changes the game. Yeah. So and thinking in that way is like, well, we want to set your team up for success so they can be sheep, yes, and feel great about it, because, yeah, you can't have is that what I mean, jump in little barriers feeling confident as they move through the system, because then you got Happy Sheep, and that's what you want. There's a shepherd, yes, people that follow happily, not people who are fighting it and they're doing what you want, because otherwise you're going crazy and you're like, lost sheep. We got a black sheep over there. Bring him back in. Bring him back in. We don't need that. So, yes, we need to know that. And it changes the game when you're thinking in that way, because you set up systems to suit people like that. And I think that's it's being aware. But, you know, I'm very proud. I'm in advertising. I think it's excellent. And, yeah, you'll see it's pretty fun when you can take advantage of it.Helena E   29:20Okay, fantastic. Well, I'm excited to learn and excited toLisa  29:25get this going. Yes, good one. My friend and I will speak to you. Then soon, get on with your week, doing your power up. We will check in again on Thursday. Then, because this sort of just 30 minute, even if we're like, will keep us making shit happen. On Track. On Track. Honestly, it makes it even if you've done nothing, it's good, because then you'll be like, oh shit. She's going to call again on Tuesday.29:47I will, I will get these couple thingsLisa  29:49done. Yeah, don't stress that, because that's what I say to my people. Don't not show up because you didn't do the shit. Because that's the whole point. Yes, this whole point of attention. The whole point is it doesn't matter. Why didn't we do it? How can we I help you? How can we make this shit happen? What are we going to prioritize to make sure it does? And it will mean by the second time you do get it done, that's what I find. Because then you're like, oh shit, she's going to be on me. I need it myself. I'm organizing one to take over my life too. I'm like, I need a work wife. I need a work wise. So yes, we will get it done, and that's the only way, my friend, because our brain is very resistant, but it helps when other people poke. I will speak to you on Thursday. Have the best day on purpose, my friend,Helena E   30:34perfect. Thanks, Lisa. I'll talk to you then See you. Bye. Bye. You i WhoaSpeaker 3  35:52You I think are in this class. Can draw me the most accurate sunset that looks just like this with all of the colors, will win an edge up over everybody else in the class, because we're doing essays next week. And whoever wins will get feedback from me, will get to edit it based on my feedback, and get to turn it in again for a higher grade. But here's the catch, I'm going to hand each kid a card with a rule on it, and they have to follow the rule. They're not allowed to show anybody else their card or talk about it. And some kids, their card will say you're only allowed to use the colors going black. I'm.- 1 -00Transcribed by https://otter.ai