Meeting James EMon, Sep 29, 2025 5:18PM ¥ 1:04:46SUMMARY KEYWORDSR&D grant, brand strategy, communication plan, AI consulting, customer touchpoints, marketing automation, brand consistency, customer experience, behavioral science, training, systems support, tender bot, market research, project timeline, team collaboration.SPEAKERSSpeaker 1, James E, Lisa GaleaLisa Galea  00:00Hey, my friend, how you doing good? I'm good. Thank you. Should have my iMac camera on. Can you see me or not?00:12I'll be better. ThereJames E00:17we go. That's00:22fair. Okay, here we go.Lisa Galea  00:24How are you good? Everything's pumping along, crazy as it does, as it does. That's good. It's good. It's good when things keep moving, my friend, that's a good thing. I was actually just, I was just thinking, because I was thinking how you could frame what you wanted for research. And really I was like, it is R and D, which I'm pretty sure we can get if we frame it as that, then we can put it as a research grant, you know, on what you needed, rather than putting for marketing, because I think marketing isn't what it is. No, you know, like it's lowering risk, is lowering risk for you to sell products. Yeah, yeah.James E  01:12I'm already connected with the R D grant setup, so that's just, we can just add that in,Lisa Galea  01:17yeah, I think R D, because I was like, that's what it that's really what we're doing, is actually R and D to lower risk on what products you're developing and what your users need. Yeah, what was it that you will start? I had, I wanted to talk to you about, like, doing the training and stuff, but when you've contacted me, what outcome did you actually want from, like, what you ask for.James E  01:43So I've been working with this group down in Sydney, and since Elena has come back, I've realized that we've got a lot more in house capability, plus I've got another guy that's down in Melbourne who's very switched on. So there's just a whole stack of stuff that was really starting to lead me away from having the need to go back to those guys in Sydney. And, you know, they just come back with a silly proposal for, you know, basically getting our branding together, which Elena and I then talked after we had that meeting with them. And it's like, what no we can use the available resources that are in the market to actually by bringing the structure of all that together ourselves at our ownLisa Galea  02:38pace, exactly well, and you guys will have so much more mental knowledge and capacity about it. I just find when clients are doing it themselves, you just get so much better results. Or you're involved with them, you know the answers to the questions. It saves so much time. Yeah, what did they propose for you to do? What did they suggest? Um,03:04um, see if I can find their proposal.Lisa Galea  03:09I mean, someone, someone the other day, because she said, Do you mind looking at me, at this Lisa, and she said, they didn't ask me first, and they paid 30,000 it was a small brand, like, she done a great job, and it was a joke, like, basically I'd sent her back, like, I'm just, like, there's not, like, the font was just, I was like, there's not communicating what they are in their positioning. And within 20 minutes, I'd sent a better logo. She goes. That's better than anything they've done. And then they started wanting more changes, because it was the second round, and I was like, they wanted more money. I was like, That's a joke.James E  03:45Yeah, we said we don't need a new we don'tLisa Galea  03:52need a new logo. Logo is that made the logos prettier relevant? Get over it, no one cares.James E  04:10Just make the screen bigger, so then I can then share that so that we both see what's going on.04:21So that's that04:25I need04:26to share, come on come on.James E04:35Teams here, share, do. Chair.04:54So this was, this was, can you see thatLisa Galea  04:56now it's still blank. I know it's on, it's on, we're on. I've got it. I got it, I can see it. Brand, strategy, guidelines, communication, plan. Oh, yeah, that's ridiculous. Carry on like all of that can be done with AI, with the correct questions and answers. Do you know what I mean? Like, with more my communication plans and the knowledge I've done making that all code has just been so much fun because I'm like, How do I get my communication needs with a symbiotic business that I'm trying to build where I've got different people involved, and it's about neuro diversity. So it basically has to be like we're all talking on the same way. I want them going to the targets to make sure we actually solving their problems. So it's that what you can build and you can update it. So then they have to just do a final run through to make sure I've got one for working with them, and then one that's just like, I'm the checker, yeah, to check it's all on brand, and it just makes really I'm thinking, then you just add them into workflows. That's the goal. He's also fun to work with, which is good,James E  06:25mad process. Once we finished having the meeting in the later and I thought, oh, let's just give ourselves, you know, half an hour to decompress and take in what was discussed, we got back together again. It's likeLisa Galea  06:40we can do, all that you can do is that all that they were going to do in the whole lot, what do they want to charge for that? Do you really want to I do on that one? Come on, tell me like 87 No, Jesus. That's why I was saying, like, making a bot that you could just ask, like, I got all my target made into a knowledge base, and it's like five different targets. It's everything about them. It's fucking gold. I mean, that's gold compared to this. There's nothing I can make you that stuff. I could sit with Elena, and whether that stuff done in a day, maybe, like in within a couple of weeks, it may be in a couple of weeks, if you were back and forward, but if you pushed it, you get that done a day, because I've already got the systems and all the things that you do for anyway, the questions you ask my the hunting is next level. It's amazing. I just saw a guy this morning using basically job descriptions that companies had put out to do a complete analysis of where they were in their strategy in business. It was mental the way back flipped it, and I was like, Oh my God. Like, because he's like, all this data is out there. That's what I mean. I go to book reviews. You can't believe you get all their words, what they say, what their problems are, just scraping normally, I used to take me forever to do that, where I'd go and say, What's a negative review? What's the positive review? Because I know it's a book that's exactly on maybe that topic of building a business or leadership. You know that they're reading it's trending for them. I found that out. Then I go and look, what did they say was missing from the book? What did they say was great about the book? So I've got that language to use, because they're not normally thinking when they're doing book reviews about giving anyone using that language. So it normally is their tone of voice that would take me. What would take me six months? It's just like gone from I feel like a pen knife to a machete. I think the way you can hunt, it's crazy. So the hunting and getting this positioning right and what you need to sell is easy. You still got to have a strategy really, like, what are you selling and what are you doing? Do you know all that we'd obviously be working out from the research, or do you know already what you were planning on selling when you saw them? Yep, you know exactly what I thought that youJames E  09:06okay the product service to reach target market. It for me, it was just making sure that one was consistently using the logo, like, I'm just trying to get those.Lisa Galea  09:19It is important for a brand. Yeah, it's important and,James E  09:24yeah, making sure that we have the right like, right Word templates that everybody uses, which has got all of the right information and stuff, the correct brand, it's got the correct contact details, it's got all of that in the footer. It's just consistency across everybody, and that's what we use.Lisa Galea  09:44Yeah, exactly. That's why I believe that. You I mean, I don't know, because I'm like, really run a company to that stage, but I've gone and ask a few people, because that's why, if we had an SEO bot, do you know what I mean? It's like, I don't believe when you do onboarding. And I mean, I have gone, worked in companies. I've never read SEO department books. I've never gone, oh, I need to do this. I better go and look in that big folder that they've got over there and find out where it is. Do you know what I mean? So I think having that is like, I need to do this task, and it's saying, Here's the link to this document, here's a link to this document. So everyone, then no one, has to think, do you know what I mean? And it's like, we're all on target. That's what I believe people are needing, is like having that bridge person in the middle to save HR and to make sure everything is managed and organized properly. Yeah. So that I think would work way better, is that, what is the outcome? Then that's the outcome. If you were looking in 12 months, and everything was great, and you had gone with these people in your theme. What Why did you go and contact them to get it done? What do you want to have as the outcome?James E  10:50I think we just wanted. For me, it was just consistency across all of their communication channels so we understand what look and feel we want on on website, on socials, on formal communication, on emails. So so for each one of those, every channel that we can think of where people are communicating with customers, you know, catalogs and things like that, to go out, making sure that that is all consistent in terms of how it's been presented, but it's just having that the guidelines for each one of those types of communication in one concise place that everybody knows where it is, yeah and where to go and get different,Lisa Galea  11:42yeah, and it's easy, accessible. So really, I believe that all your knowledge base on how your company works is all organized. It's everything because you're a lovely, organized human, right? So what you want is, really, this is for your marketing and branding. This is for your marketing and branding communications that you want the consistency to come across to and really you want to optimize every what I'd say is we want to optimize every customer touch point, and I'd be putting in, like, what I'm now designing is called nudge tech, so that every single customer touch point is nudging them to take the action you want and optimize for that behavior. Like, because it's all about them taking action. So it's like optimizing those, personalizing those points and making sure that they're optimized for that human and using behavioral sciences, the winner. Because I'm like, why wouldn't we? Didn't mean that's just so much better if we can communicate in that way. Why wouldn't we? And basically, like the bots I'm designing are crazy, but I mean, they've got 15 grands worth of what I've paid in studying for them, plus research on how you communicate. That's why they're fab. Do you know what I mean? Because they know how to communicate and use behavioral science to make change. That's what you'd want. So we can look at every single customer touch point and make sure, where are they what are we going to do? But I do believe working with Elena would be the most successful way to do that, not putting in the hands of someone else. Do you know what I mean? She's number one, switched on completely. And also, you know your customers. You know who they are, and you you can do it way better than anyone else.James E  13:39And obviously Simone knows all of that as well, but Gerald is also coming from a more corporate minded background, so he'll he'll have a lot more structure than what Simone does.Lisa Galea  14:00Yeah, and the problem is, when it's all in everyone's head, it's not very useful. That's what I've been trying to do, is make sure what's out of that. I've been like, I need to build these, because it's no good when it's all in my head. And I want to make sure other people are using it, and I don't want them going off brand, because it is one of the top three things that will build trust. See, that's the reason we're doing it, and so we're building trust and consistency and positioning of being the leader. You want that consistency, and it does do a job of that. The logos are important, but it is important that it's consistent. To be honest, it could be shit logo everywhere. As long as it's consistent, we're all good. That's basically what it comes down to. It's like, you must understand, it doesn't matter what it looks like, as long as it's the same everywhere. If people are used to it, they won't get so they will care if you suddenly change it up. So, yeah, I wouldn't say you needed to get much changed up in the way you look. Anything you'd need, because you've got all that stuff done. It just needs to be pulled across so you can use it usefully. It is obviously a time. It is, as we see, a time. How do you see it working? The best way for you in getting it done? Would you rather like there's obviously, as soon as you outsource it, it's like, we really need to just do a two week sprint. Yeah, I believe it's that sort of thing. It's like, do a two week sprint and then optimize every you'd go through, and then you would probably come in and do an optimization to make sure we're still on it. And you'd be learning that it is always good to have that external vision. I think because I'm looking fresh eyes, thinking, What are you doing? Yeah, you know, like, and, and I don't know the industry. Do you know what I mean? So it makes me think that there is value I can see in that. But the initialJames E  15:58she's only just come back into the business, and the business has moved a long way since she was last in it. So, you know, it's going to be a combination of her ideas that she's got externally. It's going to be a combination of Gerald's ideas, but it's probably going to be Simone and all myself, in terms of understanding where the business is at, and what we're trying to do from a bit more of a from a strategic point to help guide this. This is our customer channels, and this is who we're talking to, and this is what we're trying to achieve out of these communications, and what we're trying to convert here, yeah? So each channel has got a different desired outcome.Lisa Galea  16:49Yeah, exactly,James E  16:50so, so, and the nature of the relationship with that we're trying to generate with each one of those particular channels is different,Lisa Galea  17:00exactly. I understand your pain. I have your pain. Yeah.James E  17:05So we've got everything from a hospital who they understand what product they need, and they may come direct to us, or it might be through a central procurement from a hospital, or a lot of the hospitals now are part of, like a southeast,Lisa Galea  17:31yeah, like a group.James E  17:33New South Wales is full of that. So is Victoria. So you, you really don't have just one person to talk to. We have our partners, which is like the sterilizer companies and our distribution partners. We our goal there is to get them to be selling more of our product, and we will reward them for sales past a certain point, right through, you know, discounts and the like, yeah, or rebates, or whether that's theLisa Galea  18:10word, I will actually just put a little marker. Hold on. I am just developing because people behave really weird to incentives, you know. So I have gotten, I've done research in that when I was doing my Masters, I was like, that'd be handy to having a bot, because then we could ask, what's the best way? Because we've given, you know, you give incentives, monetary ones, and it doesn't actually shift the needle. So I thought that would be a very handy bot to ask the question. So I'm just going to write that note, becauseJames E  18:41Elena had an idea there. So if you become what we classified as a p1 like a priority one, client of ours or partner, then you get priority access to our engineering team.Lisa Galea  19:00Yeah, you can have customer design,James E  19:01yeah, you will have drawings turned around within 72 hours, Max,Lisa Galea  19:07yeah, so you're their partner in design sort of thing, correct? Yeah, yeah, that's a good, good add on. But that that's why it is really good to see, like when you really go and start scraping what they're saying and what they're doing, it's when you get the gold and then start looking for outlying ideas and gaps and what other companies are not doing, where you could fill the gap and really, so those questions and stuff. I mean, that's why it's blowing my mind what we can get with AI. So I think you would have and having those different channels, like hospitals, needs completely different things. Obviously, to you supporting, like new rust, it's like, I'm not really supporting the people who are buying it. I'm supporting the people to sell my shit. So that's a different Yeah, it's a different mindset you need. So all of this is easy done, but not so by brand identity.James E  20:06Yeah, then we've got companies like all the private health authorities that we want to get into some kind of procurement contract with. That's the desired outcome.Lisa Galea  20:23And then what about like, overseas sales, like in us? Are you looking for that US market?James E  20:28Yes, definitely. We found a guy who was very senior in a sterilizing market, who is actually interested in talking to us, and he's available. So he was one of the head honchos at Steris, which is one of the biggest companies globally in the sterilization market, which is like our sweet spot, okay? And we have, we have a four different unique product sets that well suited to export? Yeah, because we've got good margins and we've got excellent product identity, so it's something that they can go out and sell, and there's a margin in it, so there's benefit for them to do it, yeah, yeah.Lisa Galea  21:21And, you bet you really need a sales rep. Is what you feelJames E  21:24instruction companies, builders, architects are the other ones. There's the desired outcome for the architects is to get our goods specified on projects, yeah. And the builders is to develop the partnership with similar to like the sterilizing company, yeah. So the builders are like, Oh, wait, wait, hurry.Lisa Galea  21:58Yeah, exactly yes. The same. You're similar in almost with the manufacturing, with H, PPP, HPP, because you've got the same the architects, where they've got because they wouldn't, especially when I was working with them, doing the sound, the specialist panels. So the architects you want to get in with, but then you've also got the builders who put them in, and they're two different mindsets. They want two different complete things again. So, I mean, the opportunity is massive for you. What is it? Obviously, that's why. One of the reasons they're charging you all the money, because they know that, like, what we do is making you money. Do you know what I mean? It is important. If you couldn't do it yourself, it'd be like, Well, yeah, this is going to help you look better and actually get these, achieve these goals. But I still believe you would have to know what you were doing to achieve goals. Paying that money, like, even if you're given that shit, it wouldn't even make any difference to your business or trade show is not going to make any difference to have a playbook for that. No, it's not. It's not we've been23:06doing for 15 years. I think you know how to doLisa Galea  23:08your own Trade Show Report exactly like I don't think that's an issue. So, I mean, I think that there's tools as well. You could be making like I'm I was actually thinking, because I've gone like a because of that, NFT got a bit carried away with tick, tick, ticking. You can't believe the shortcuts you can do. It's crazy. Like chat GBT is basically in your phone. Everything is going on. Email summary, it's like, Okay, I've missed out a huge gap here. But also Apple intelligence, because they've done the last upgrade, it is like, crazy good on security, like, that's where their specialty touch point is. So they've developed all this stuff where it can just stay all in there. Yeah, it's crazy good. So I was actually doing my dosey thing, and as I was doing that, I made an app, and I was like, as I was making the app to, like, record my tablets and how I was feeling and everything, right? You know, I thought that'd be good, because every three days, like, no chance I can remember. Every three days, it's like, I can't remember the same day, let alone and then even on the weekend, I realized I had two patches on. I was like, that's not good. I didn't take off the patch. But when, um, like, you're developing these things. I then I was like, oh, I need Miss Polly, because Miss Polly had a dolly, right? So then you just make like a like that someone they can ask questions to. So you could be like, here's a support tool for you to ask questions to sell, and it's got those documents in it can pull those resources for them when they need them. And I think they like it as they like it when I've just done a report, a big report, on human interactions, how they liking dealing with bots, because I've got one on the channel here, like answering and I'm like, you know, like, how far can we take this? And there's certain areas they don't you need to have a human, but there's certain areas that, as long as they know it's a bot, and when you make it a bit of a character, like your Emery mascotty thing that is their support, selling person, it is actually better for the mindset, because it doesn't feel like a human. Yeah, you don't get that craziness. Yeah, they just chasing information. They just want information. They're a lot more forgiving, because they know it's a bot, right? Do you know? I mean, whereas when also our brain, when you I just bought a course, and the whole thing was recorded, I reckon, and it was like a stupid man pretending, and when we're pretending, our brain does not compute. It doesn't matter if our conscious brain, it's like our underneath brain is going, Is this a real person, or is this, like, what's going on here? Whereas when we're really clear on what we are and who we are, it's way nicer for our brain, because they're like, I know what's going on. There's little things you could put in it to give it control. Would make them feel control over it, like biases, again, that you can because otherwise our biases are dodgy on it, like we're nutty, to be honest. Um, but those sort of things, I was like, Oh, Miss Polly, like, that sort of a thing for Emory, where it would be like, Oh, just ask Miss Polly, because she knows all the shit on every no like, and having that ease of access to information is a game changer, and it's fun, and it's just on the web. So they're tools you can make, and they can be specialists just for them, or you can and you can duplicate them on wherever, so they could have their knowledge based on what they've got and what they need in them. And I'm talking this is easy. Easy. It's not hard. It's like, basically, it's easy. I'm mind blown, like, I basically did all the branding for the app while I was building the app, and it looks loud, and I was like, it's like, crazy. And then, like, I'm making, yeah, it's, it's pretty amazing what you can do in terms of giving them that information you do need to make night like maintenance, make sure that you've kept it up to date, you know, like those things I'm finding you do need. I did think if say, like, we went back to your training, and I'm like, if you gave that to any other like, I think you guys are smart, switched on. You want to learn, and then you want to do that, but I've got to have people in the company who won't have time to do it because they don't do it. And they're like, Oh, I didn't have time to do it three weeks. And we're like, we've already moved on to another project mate. Like, we don't really want your questions now. Or most people aren't that smart to be honest. Like, do you know? Like, I need an internal person with it.James E  27:42Yeah, so Isabel is also moving across into our systems support, and this is going to be in her remit. So from a from a technical point of view and learning the tool, it's probably going to be Isabel from marketing concept and understanding customer communications. It's going to be Elena and Gerald and the strategy of, why is myself or Simone. So Isabel's Caboose, we've got a new start for WDM, started today, which is taken over now New South Wales. So in the next couple of weeks, Isabel is going to be freed up to be able to get straight into this stuff. I right? Because then one of the other things that we'd like to develop is our tender, even though we've got, like a tender bot,Lisa Galea  28:51no, you won't actually,James E  28:54yeah, it's, it's because every, every team that comes out in the different format, however, there's a whole raft of questions that word is slightly different, but the answer's the same. Yeah, we could scrape all those questions put in what the answers we already know are. We can have that in the repository and say, okay, fill out as much of this tender response as you can based on the information we have available. That would say, I think we worked out pretty much half a day for each person in the sunset a week.Lisa Galea  29:40Yeah, it's a lot,29:42it's a lot. It's a lotLisa Galea  29:46building that sort of stuff though. Like, it's totally easy, but it isn't easy for you guys. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, you've got to know how to dev that. At that point we'd need a dev. So that's why I'm feeling like you're my I'm thinking because I've got all these amazing humans like I'm building this symbolic business with, but I think you need, like the strategic person who's working with you, who's doing education, and also working out what you need. So if the team does need education on how to use it, because I think that that would be needed, and also then working with Isabel when she needs support, that is almost like you need an AI person who's, like, not employed by you, yes, who's your that's what I think is the best. That's how I see it is like we can be because small people, like, even know us, they can't have an AI person. They need one. So you need one, and it's like, that way where, if we got stuck, because I've got devs that I could build that with, then it's like, okay, we need to build out this tool. But most of the time it's going to be strategic and learning and being like that success manager. I think it's got to be someone who's a strategy. It's not just someone who's just, like, filling in forms. You want someone who can think, yeah, that's the thing you'd want them to think. So what is your budget if you're, like, real people? Because I've gone and asked AI, and they're like, mate, you should be coming in at 15 grand a month for that person. That's the mid range person. And I'm like, I have no idea. I went into market research. I'm like, go and do market research. What are people charging for this? What are they charging? And they're like, this is where it is all that. And then I'm like, Well, I'd like, I'm talking to you as a real person. You don't have to worry about what prices you're saying,James E  31:39Yeah, this is so the sort of steps number one and two, like this brand strategy for me, I was thinking as I go, you know, that's probably five grand given the amount of information that's available, because it's really almost asking AI to provide us based on, you know, like a an advanced marketing brain, on how best to structure this to Make it easily deployable and operationalize in a business, if I could get to that, then it would just save so much time for everybody, including Odette, who's doing their digital marketing, to basically bring all that together With all the information that we have. Because there's no, there's no bots involved in that, per se, this is just,Lisa Galea  32:46they don't need a bot. You just need to understand and bring ask the right questions of the AI, really, and set it up32:52Correct. Yeah, yeah.James E  32:55And I think that's the thing. Is just understanding what questions to ask and how to frame it so that we get the best desired outcome for that. The whole idea is that consistency that we're seeking, the communication plan, will be very much dependent on those verticals, who we're trying to talk to,Lisa Galea  33:20yeah, it's dependent on what what you find out. I mean, you already know who they are, mainly, but it's like just making me really clear on those from the research and bringing them in line with your strategy. Yeah.James E  33:34So I think the communication plan is really some of the information I've just shared with you now is to getting the team to sit down and go through in a structured way. Okay, what information? Who are they? What are they? What's the likely margin that's available out of this group? What's the target, what's the you know, what's the market opportunity? So it's a structured way of assessing each one of those verticals and then say, okay, and then determine how much energy goes into it and which one gets addressed first.Lisa Galea  34:09Yeah, which one's going to add the most value? I mean, both of those are sprints. I see them as sprints. I think you should just get them done. And I do think, yeah, working with the team and then doing further research, because you can go and scrape it out. Once you know where they are, we can, if we've already got that picture, then we go to LinkedIn and find out, what are they saying, what are they posting, what are they doing, what are what are they interested in? To really get that picture, is where AI then takes you to the next level. But that first set up a facilitation of that targeting, I think is key.James E  34:46Yeah, we've now got a list so Gerald and I've already been working for the last couple of weeks on getting the list of companies in the private health space that we want to target. I was able to pull together the like, the size of the opportunity, in terms of the number of beds, sort of, yeah, or theaters is probably the best measure. Not so much, because the number of theaters then determines the number, the size of the sterilizing department.Lisa Galea  35:22Yeah, yeah. So we canJames E  35:23easily extrapolate. Hang on, if they've got 10 theaters, and on average, they're doing 14 cases a day for that type of theater, they're going to need x number of carts to move all the products around, and they're going to need a sterilizing department that can cater for pushing through 10 times 14 140 so how many cart washers do they need? All that kind of stuff, all of that we can actually mathematically work out,35:57and that then quickly helps us determine, hang on, what's the opportunity here?James E  36:03How much is that worth, in terms of price, and then also assessing where that customer is up to in their buying life cycle?Lisa Galea  36:13Yeah, who's ready to buy? Who's in pain enough to actually want to take action? That's what I want to know, too. I mean, we're on the same page of where we're going to hunt these people. It's like, that's what I want to know. Yeah, yeah. Are they actuallyJames E  36:27leading it? Just put himself six months ago.Lisa Galea  36:32Yeah, exactly. So getting those, and when you're gathering this data to do the maths, how you doing that? You're just doing it the only Excel spreadsheet. I'm assuming you're the king of themJames E  36:43Isabel, and I worked out something in terms of the number of theaters, and we worked out the number of cases. So we actually do have a spreadsheet with that nets already, becauseLisa Galea  36:51that could be just easily made into a tool. Yeah, that's just the information goes in and it's like, boom, there you go. That's it, yeah, I think, like, I think definitely for you, and I, I believe that you guys all need to learn this like, it's not, it's like you doing research. You want to be able to think you want to be like, how do I get these numbers? How do I make decisions like you need to learn how to make better like you want to like. How can I make better decisions using AI? So doing this strategy with me, so we get that brand clear on your purpose and model with that that's easy, but also that education on you making decisions is what I really want to set up for leaders, because I think that you being able to use that, and even being able to talk to other people in the same position as you, will give you a massive advantage, because you're all then working. So the decision making is really key for you, of having those skills and upgrade with those Helena and I mean, I want these girls to fly anyway, so I would think that her learning how to do marketing tools and the questions that I'm asking will be huge value for her, because she'll be able to work that out. And then even with her working out, she'll realize how fun it is to make just some really simple tools when you're not trying to actually involve linking them in. They're just things for you to use. She can easily do that, right? That is fun games. It's really fun. But when you want to start integrating with other things, it becomes harder. But for a marketing point of view, doesn't really want to do Dev. There's still some really cool things she can do to scrape stuff for you and get informationJames E  38:25happening, yeah, but that'll be Isabel, that one. Do you thinkLisa Galea  38:29Isabel will be doing that? Not her, Lana, she Isabel will be getting the numbers.38:34She'll be doing the tech stuff, yeah, okay. I mean, Isabel and I sat down and didJames E  38:44that thought process and came up with that maths, yeah, in three hours.Lisa Galea  38:49Yeah. So when say, like, how long do you want all this done over? What time when you want it done by?James E  38:59Well, I think this the brand. Strategy. I think because we're looking at trying to at least set a website on the end of next month, I'd like to have as much of the brand strategy piece done in lockdown, so that then we can have all the right coloring, the right fonts, the right presentation on the website that's going to get written into it already done, because that's, that's obviously our biggest, you know, outgoing marketing tool, because every dog in these departments going to go to that, and then everything else flows from that, likeLisa Galea  39:41your communications really got to be done to get that website done. Because really, it's not, it's the same thing in terms of you don't exactly this, the customers, really all of it, apart from that straight around the end is just like, that's a bit silly. My friend, the first three are really all in one I believe they're one the same. Do you know what I mean? Because your brand guide is irrelevant, and we really need to know the customer journey and everything. What we need to get that as a complete journey for the brand strategy as well. So you have got then, it's September, October. So you want end of October or end of November? Did you say? Yeah, end of October. So four weeks40:22in in October, they have this part. Yeah,Lisa Galea  40:25I would say, like in my in my brain, it's like a six week and that's like pushing it with AI. But if we were doing sprints, we can get it all done. We still could definitely get to a certain point with four weeks easy,James E  40:40both Elena and Isabel will be freed up. Can be able to have time availableLisa Galea  40:45to do this. Yeah, I think you definitely want to done with you service. Don't you not done for you? Weren't done with you. So as long as I can come in and give you training and like, then they go and do it the results, then they bring it all in, and I'm showing them how to do that, and then I'm coming back to review it with them, and we're looking at the next questions to ask. That's how I'd see it working. When she's running into problems, then she's coming to ask me, and we've got that communication to make sure it gets done. Yeah, and then even the sprint days would be quick, yeah?James E  41:16So I really want to get to a point where we it's, you can operationalize it.Lisa Galea  41:23Yeah, I know you want to say I think that's all I think it has to be like that for us to be able to perform at that level, because we want to be able to make sure everyone's doing it not just people who are useful like your own daughters do you know what everyone to be able to do it and most people are Muppets, so in the. company it's key that.James E  42:08Just like, really basic stuff is like, okay, all of these files are located in this location. This is the folder breakdown. This is the information,Lisa Galea  42:20yeah, this is the organizational filing structure, yeah. I got you, my friend. I thought, yeah, alright, you want a sprint for four weeks where I support you to get this done?42:36Lovely.Lisa Galea  42:37That's what you want done. Yep. Can you squeeze it in? Just thinking, but I'm just seeing what time they're doing the mate like they're doing that. It's like a do with you, but I'd want to be touching point to make sure we're just keeping everything moving, because that's what I'm seeing, too, with the training. It's like I was so busy. Well, that's not very useful for anybody, but we got to make sure that. And also, when I'm doing when I'm doing the mentoring, it's like when you're just having 15 minute calls, it kicks ass over doing five hour calls. Yeah, it wins the game, my friend, that's I am getting massive. I have massive shifts with once a week 15 calls compared to everyone else is doing once a month. My girls have one year goals in three months. Because I'm every week for 15 minutes. I'm like, it's way quicker. It's way I know for our brain, our brain doesn't stay on the job, and weeks go like that, whereas if they lose a week, I'm back on them. I don't think we've got time to lose a week. Yeah, no, I don't think you've got time to really even lose a week. So I think you'd need at least two, ideally three, maybe touch points a week.James E  43:46So Helena is talking about, she's been using the term, we're basically putting up the bumpers on the Bowling Green, on the bowling alley, so that you can't go outside of that. This is, this is a delay to stay in.Lisa Galea  44:00That's it. Yeah, that's why she wants guardrails. That's why, like, I've built orca so as Orco can say, no, sorry, that's not going out until we have checked and make sure it's uptight because it's representing our company. And I think, I think that getting that message down for the purpose from you guys with that decision, and being able to compute communicate that on why they're doing it, like Helena knows. But then again, we got Muppets, right. So knowing that from that big picture is important, and that's what I can get with you and Simone by doing a workshop. But that will make a difference. It's amazing. The difference that makes them. They know why they're doing it, so getting that communication so it can follow through, because your team, your customer experience, is reflective of the team experience really. So it's really all of it together that we need to optimize, is getting that whole I mean, that that's really what I do. So I'm pretty confident I have no problem doing this. I still think it's like, minimum at 20 grand for me to do it. Because I'm like, it's still, will you take me do it for 20 grand. Yep, because I think I still know it's going to be me thinking, and I believe it's going to be massive value for you anyway. I can't see why they're charging 87 grand, but they're charging based on value, but they're not, I don't believe giving you value. I think they're giving you assets. They're giving you bollocks assets which are not going to be very useful. A design guide is not going to solve your problem. We want to think how we're applying it and making sure that it's flowing through and serving your people properly. Alright, it's fun. I love teaching your girls because it will level them up to the next level. Can I also say, like, let's agree on that. You want to agree on that, and we'll get started next week. We'll get started straight away, I think now, because otherwise we'll lose a week, right? So we'll work out a timeJames E  46:00it'll be best you start then coordinating the communication with Helena and Isabel, yeah, to get their diaries together, because Isabel's doing a fair bit of training this week of the new guy, yeah, and systems.Lisa Galea  46:18That would be good anyway, what it might be better anyway this week is me getting my strategy together. So they'll be fine. I'll check in with them and talk make sure then I've got the strategy on what we're doing pull together so then we can start. We're prepared when we have meetings next week, you know what I mean? I'm sure they'll be able to organize stuff this week. And I don't really want to be thrown in it. I have got things. So that is sounds good. But can I ask you now, if you're an external company and you need this done, you know, as well as I do, like, when I'm looking at the market in America, it was gigantic. Like, if you got a tiny part of it, you're going to win hands down, which is why these guys obviously are charging. What do you think it was worth? Like, if, because, really, you're educating people to do this. So it's like an Oh, it's not like you're just giving them one off thing. It's like, I'm actually not just doing it for you. I'm showing you how to do it. So now it's like, What the freak all my IP is given to someone?47:20Yeah. I mean, we,James E  47:24the thing that we do, you know, that sort of made us, we went backwards from number four, the trade shows things, and we went, so we just don't need to be told how to suck eggs, you know? We just we know how to do that kind of stuff. It. So we just said, No, which is not, that's why. So, so we basically just cut that out straight away. The sales and engagement plan was just, is basically just having the organization component related to that and and just setting up the rules. So that's, that's why I called it the playbook. That's why, you know, that's my terminology is, so that you know, pipe debt knows this is, this is how we want it. This is all coloring we want to present when we go do ourLisa Galea  48:13socials. Yeah. And here's an example, andJames E  48:18here's how to go. This is, this is what it's to look like. You know, learnt a lot already on like the structure of newsletters and things like that to get the best results and the engagement from our clients.Lisa Galea  48:35Yeah, exactly. And you would be good. I mean, let's go this first sprint. You know, we're both. I think I'm happy because I love you guys, but I think we, we really want to see what happens. That's where I'm measuring, is like, what's the outcome? Because I think, as well, we want women to measure this shit. Because for you as a business owner, it's like, what the, you know, like, then what change is happening? Like, is it working when we've done the, you know, I'm always doing AB testing, and it's key to knowing, getting good results. It is an ongoing thing. That's why I don't think it's fair when these guys charge you that money, because I'm like, it wouldn't make any difference, because now you need ongoing there'll be more changes and testing and stuff, and it's like, so soon asJames E  49:21we still know that that's just me looking so we gotta cut that off, and that's later. And later. And I said, Well, hey, let's just have a chat with Lisa. Yeah.Lisa Galea  49:32Because honestly, I was thinking, Oh, you needed, I was going to get one of my people to be your strategy person. But because it's this first stage, which is just me hands down, I need to be your strategy person. If then we, you know, do you know what I mean? It's like everything I do and my hunting is going to kick ass over anyone else's, because this is what I do. That's kind of what we thought, yeah, this is what I do. So I'm thinking that the brand and also with the brand experience and the behavioral science that's also up optimizing customer experiences and the employee experience is what I do. So that's fine, but I think then then we just take it from there and see how that works with do you need ongoing? Do we need? And that's we just evolve as we go. Because I think that's the best way, is then saying, Okay, we need a developer now who can work with Elena to build the tools that we need. And I would say one of the other girls I've been training, she's already in that ballpark. Do you know what I mean in terms of system design? So it'd be like, maybe we have a meeting with her, but I think we moved that on, because the first lot is getting these first three things done as quickly as possible. I need to get them, yeah, as quickly as possible, they need to at least be done, whether they're automated yet, I would not guarantee that, but we at least are thinking as we're setting them up. We know the plan, and we know that. We know the big picture strategy. Yeah, we're working with the strategy. Perfect. All right, my friend, I look forward to doing business with you. What about if I Who should I phone first to talk to? Out of Helena.51:09Isabel, Helena. Helena, yeah, was it involved? Just, just let them know that you andJames E  51:19I have talked a presentation. You said, you know, we get a we're trying to tick off one, two and three, yeah, there's a coordinated approach. Yeah, we're not worrying about number four, which was the trade shows.Lisa Galea  51:32Yeah, perfect. Sounds like a plan, my friend. And then what about if we did want to have a think with you and Simone about doing that brand strategy to in terms of getting your purpose and really clear on that company positioning in terms of that area, when suits you to have that time to do it.51:57Simone and I are going to be the problem.Lisa Galea  52:01Remember that I'm a very flexible human, because it would be a couple of hours I could talk with you in an evening. Yeah. Okay, that might work better, I don't know, for you guys, but if you wanted to, it's like, that's the, I mean, I can do you separate as well. If you want to, it's up to you.James E  52:22Yeah, I'm just thinking, we're in both Queensland from Wednesday, next week,52:34Simone,James E  52:36when do you think we could have an hour? No, no, can't push it out. When do we when can we have an hour next week or the week after? To what?Lisa Galea  52:52Why don't you just have a thing you don't have to tell me now I'm just like, you have a think when that's going to work for you. It even can be in the end of this week if you want to my friend, because I really need to just get I got the questions I need to ask you. That's it. And then I'm, I'm on it. I'm, if I think it'd be that hard to deal with you guys,James E  53:12I think it's more likely going to be for Simone myself, probably the 13th or the 14th of October. Okay, is that too far out?Lisa Galea  53:26Do we have? I mean, we'd have research by then, so that it would be good, because I can still argue back if I've got research, I think Helena would be pretty clear on your brand. I mean, I think I'm pretty clear on your basic branding already. Okay, do you think so? I don't think that's what about we see how we go. And if I get stuck, I send you questions and I say, mate, I need to know this, or I can't move forward. I think that works better. Yeah, let's just work with that. We want to get done. So if you hold the thing, I will hassle you. That's really what I think I need to do. And, yeah, I think that's the best approach, or it won't get done. That's what I've realized. All right? And could you message me, Helena, no mobile, then I don't know if I've got it. Yeah, okay, and I'll work out proposals and that through for the morning, and we'll get that done now. Also, do you want me to put R and D or anything else like that? If I'm invoicing because of the training or actually claiming it. So would you want to email me specific?54:37Sorry, what was that? LastLisa Galea  54:38Did you want me to email me specific terms? Or you can just tell me what to put.54:48I will tell you what to put okay for the iLisa Galea  55:14you'll be blown away, mate. It'll be worth 87 I promise you, you'll be like what55:22I'm confident waiting for brand55:26bots and okay, I'll work.Lisa Galea  55:32I'll get that together. Get that together so then I can do the invoice. But I know it's better if we keep it make sure we write exactly the right thing. Then you might as well claim what you can55:47sharing the latest details For you,Lisa Galea  55:49perfect. Thank you.55:56Just edit it more56:05so here, then It's little plus.56:24Shape or not I'm I56:51audio so that should be coming through.Lisa Galea  56:53Yeah, grab that. Thank you, my friend. Hello.56:57Let me just get Isabel stuff. Oh, you should57:02have already that's fine. Okay?Lisa Galea  57:06And just tell me what you want me to put on the invoice for the R and D? Yeah, yeah, we've got that. Okay, perfect. Then, is there anything else we need, or should I just get onto it tomorrow andJames E  57:19we start moving? So what are the keywords I should be putting in to because we're trying to create I've just got here Brian box, and we got automations around marketing and branding, yeah, just trying to get the keywords in. That's it. I can work that out marketing branding, and we've also got,Lisa Galea  57:54I can let me also get my Gemini57:59strategy for58:06branding and58:09communications.Lisa Galea  58:13Yes, I am just going to get the wordings. I thought it was perfect. It gave it to me, R and D consulting, R and D consulting on, you know, business, they said R and D, AI consulting, so things you could maybe consider out strategic function, r, d, functioning. So they were, I was like, that's much better wording for you, claiming it. I know that the marketing, they're not big fans of that, because there's nothing you can measure.James E  58:52Okay, so we've basically got R and D AI consulting,Lisa Galea  58:56perfect, mate, whatever, R and D AI consulting, perfect. How do you want to pay it? Gender, in one go on breaks sushi.59:11Just split it up over four weeks. Yeah,Lisa Galea  59:19not an issue at all. Or at my friend, I will look forward to working with you. It's gonna be fun. It's gonna be good. Looking forward you'll be mind blowing my friends. What you can find59:32them in a short period of time? Be Awesome. ILisa Galea  59:34think doing the Sprint's the way to go. I'm doing sprints as well to get done, and at least you can review if you fail and say, what did we get done? But I'm telling you, you get loads more than not doing it. It's way better to just push to get you done and then not do it, then actually say, oh, let's make it a 12 month plan. When it's ridiculous, you still don't get shit done. So we might as well go. We're going to go hardest on it. You know, everyone wants the best results. So, yeah, I think, though, what do you think I'm just thinking, I think it's a 45 job. If you were telling other people what I was charging you. Okay, brilliant, right? I would say with training and stuff like that, it's a 45 because it would be a six week period. Honestly, it's a six week job. It's a six week job for 45 just so, you know, roughly the I'm that's what I mean, it's worth, like they're saying 87 I'm going to give you Shitloads more than that. So I know a big company would charge Shitloads more than that, but I think for an initial sprint to set you guys up, that's what I would do for random. So I just sort of put that in the thing. So you know, in case anyone says, Who did your fantastic freaking work, you'll be like, Kelly. More how I keep telling people on $500 a month. Like, what are you doing? My friend, I do not do work with that price. So, yes, yeah, perfect. All right, that'd be fun, and I think it'll be great. Helena will level up. Both of your girls will go next level. So they'll be employed. She's gonna love it. She is gonna have some fun too, because she'll see how I hunt, and she will think in the same way. I'm sure she'll enjoy, yeah. All right, perfect. All right, my friend, let's have some fun. I will speak to you soon. Have the best night with your life. Enjoy you too. Thank you.James E1:01:22Bye, thanks. Bye. I1:01:28think I think.- 1 -00Transcribed by https://otter.ai