EMI Moonsprint 1.3Fri, Oct 10, 2025 12:02PM ¥ 1:36:07SUMMARY KEYWORDSconference preparation, business strategy, branding, customer engagement, marketing tactics, competitor analysis, digital marketing, website design, brand consistency, customer personas, communication strategy, product differentiation, market research, action items, team collaboration, UX design, behavioral psychology, website assets, case studies, customer pain points, tier one target, custom design, user experience, market research, distributor books, conference in Melbourne, LinkedIn search, project scope, feedback, action items.SPEAKERSSpeaker 1, Isabelle Em, Speaker 2, Helena E, Lisa GaleaIsabelle Em  00:00Is, whereas I think the one in Hong Kong, they'll want a lot of goodiesSpeaker 1  00:06in the bags.Lisa Galea  00:07One of my like mentees in Papua, New Guinea, she's a very clever lady, and she runs a company where she's like a franchisee person. She's a PNG for a New Zealand Company, like she's the representation. It's her business, and she does, like, stock supplies for medical centers and hospitals. So, you know, like keeping all their medicines in, yeah, like a management and organizing of that. It must be some program that does, like, she's an engineering type person, but she, I help her, obviously, with business, we've been working together for like, two or three years, and she's like, keeping goals. But when she went to the last conference, because I do a lot of experience design and events, we were like, her team's Young as well. We're talking to people. Do you know what I mean? So we were like, how do we set them up for success? How can we give them things so that they can communicate. And so we did some starting comms, but we also thought, I was like, I mean, I only have 15 minutes with her a week, so she used to think, but I was like, What would these people want? Like, I'm imagining them walking around a conference that's like, all medical shit, and you're all saying this is great, and they're thinking, Yeah, great. But do I really use shit? No, yeah. So we have to think, what would they want? And I just because I was like, one of the things they bloody love is a muffin, right? So she actually made biscuits in the shape of medicine jars with her brand on it. And so, you know, those cookies that you can have with you, like, name and so she did like medicine jars. She did like relevant a tablet, one little check with the capsule, with like the icing on and it had her brand on the end of the capsule. So she said it was fabulous. Because one, if you think about it, if you're walking around a conference, you're probably a little bit hungry. What do you want? Not a silly bit of paper you want a biscuit or a cookie, and it also started a conversation that wasn't about like it. It separated them, she said, for most people, handing out leaflets, and it also gave her team something to start a conversation about. So it's a really good thing. So you're not thinking about giving them anything to sell. You're actually thinking, how would these people feel when they're wandering around here? They're hungry, they're bored, they're just looking at more and more shit. There really is a job, even though it's, you know, cool stuff, and they're nerds. But like, who's giving them some some food? And say something, yeah, to get them through, they will come back to the smell of muffins. If you do a muffin basket, they bloody remember you're the good time people who had the muffins. Weirdly, it works in their brain that it's like, I like those people because I had a muffin. Yeah? So have a think about something like that. You could order in advance. So when you go down there, it's like, oh, we thought you guys would be hungry. Here you go. Here's a muffin. Yeah, so die little tiny thingsHelena E  03:05like jelly beans and sour worms that have our logo. Excellent, easier to travel with. Yeah. We're not taking any down to Melbourne next week, and I don't know about food overseas,Lisa Galea  03:22but have a look at that, because I would say definitely, at the Hong Kong we've got a sensory like, everyone's going to be there. You've got a booth there, yes, yeah. How are you going to stand out from everyone else? Because everyone else isHelena E  03:33going to be giving away a Polish. It's like in the US, we took over 1000s and 1000s of Tim Tams, Australian Tim Tams, and we actually partnered with Tim Tam, and they gave us, like, this special goodie box thing, which I don't think we're going to get again, but it was really cool. And everyone goes, Oh, you're Australian,Lisa Galea  03:50yeah, and they remember it, yeah, yeah, and it's breaking that norm. So like, one company I did, we did whoopee cushions. Obviously, they were a pretty fun company, but the the feedback was fab, because the companies had gone and then used them in their company. Every time people had sat on them, they'd then see the company logo. So it had bought the feeling of fun, which was their values and company sort of ethics in and reinforced it within another company. And lots of people have seen it like they've used it, and you know what I mean? So it's cool to think of weird things, but we will get to that point. It's been a good week of research for me. Not good. It has been interesting, and what I'm going to do is keep pulling this together. But I did think it's good, because I can give you task for next week. Let me share screen. I am in the middle of schooling out my own shit, so please explore. It's ignore the windows. What I'm actually doing as well for my team, because I've already got this stuff ready, and because I've got Orco, I want them to have like, this is the community. We use. These are actually the subject lines we use in meetings, because it changes how people react in the meeting. So I'm making that so the bot can find it and my team can find it easily. So if I'm setting that really up for me this week, I'm hoping we can duplicate it for you. So that is good. And I've also started making like our Codex is with the biases and things on how people behave that you don't expect. So we can run that through, because it I always run like, behavioral science nudges on any of my stuff. So I was like, it'd be very good if we had, like, one big thing that we could just check the biases that are running through one. So I'm building that for me, but for you, this is your portal, which I didn't add your dad on. If he wants to be added, that's fine, but really it's where I'm adding stuff access to that yet. Yes, you should have, I invited you both. Oh, I haven'tHelena E  05:58got the email got blocked. It hasn't comeLisa Galea  06:01just Google, like search notion, see if it's there now, because that's the right email, isn't it?Helena E  06:07Email? Oh, yes, no, I have that. You have thatLisa Galea  06:12perfect while you get in there, I'll accept that. All right. So we've also got. So this is where I'm sort of adding working, sort of our working, like, just to keep on top of things. But we also do have this portal, which is where your dad could go and look. And I am adding which I don't know, did it come did we get them added on? It's in mine. I'll show you. Don't worry about the port. The portal is where the links are still there, but I'm putting them here, right? So you guys, this is more your working portal. If your dad wants to come in here and look. But I was like, I don't think he needs extra shit in his brain, really. So I am putting here. So we do two weeks print blocks, and we'll make sure at the end, we'll review next Tuesday to see what we've ticked off and what we haven't. So we keep on that. So I went through so one see I've got your marketing strategy, and then I've gone here, and you are also added to this Resources folder. This shared one, right? So this was the reports I did, which I thought you guys might want to have a look through. Okay, I'll be then pulling I'm now doing, like, the I go and do them from like, all the platforms, like deep research, and then I'll go through and, like, cross what we're doing and getting a really clear picture of the target. What I did think was really something that we should pull out and be aware of, because we're going to get those pillars, and we know exactly what those targets need and what they want, and how we're going to be giving them just a gift. But it was really interesting on the made in Australia, because they really give a shit in us about, like, all their certifications, right? Yeah, and made in Australia, in their brain, is expensive. It's It's good, right? It's not a negative. But it also adds the thought it's expensive, right? It doesn't really mean and it doesn't compete with the European market, which they think is the best, right? All right. So the way we communicate it, it's not a problem, so we need to communicate it in a different way. Let's show you we've both actually this one's from Gemini, which is very good, and chat GBT one. They both said the same thing, but the way we needed to communicate it was saying, meet Australian standards, and then, yeah, right.Isabelle Em  08:54So it has some of the toughest sterilization standards in the world.Lisa Galea  08:58Yeah. So that's why they don't really give a shit, because we know to pay for made in Australia, and I think even Australians know that you're paying for that badge, right? So we know that, which is fine, but then it's like, then they're immediately associating it doesn't really mean much made in Australia. It just means, yeah, okay, maybe it's probably made well, but it also means it's expensive, because we haven't got enough people to make things. People to make things right. So that'sSpeaker 1  09:25cheaper because their dollar is so much better than us, ours.Lisa Galea  09:30Oh, exactly for them. But that's see what I mean. That's why I wouldn't have even thought this. I thought we would be pumping out saying mate in Australia, but we will be saying that. But it's because they do respect your business, but it is making sure the Australian made perception. It's a significant purchasing driver, guaranteeing standard of craftsmanship, quality assurance and local support, but it doesn't hold as much power in the US compared to the European. Or the US brands, it should be leveraged indirectly as a proxy for high cost, high quality manufacturing. The strategic focus must shift the narrative to engineered to Australian compliance standards emphasizing technical superiority, longevity and meticulous fabrication methods, right? So changing the words, can you see? It's like, we know you don't have to change anything you do, right? I'm going to put that in blue so we see it. Not that silly thing. But I think that that was like, Okay, so that's really what we're trying to find out. How do we communicate this to these people in the way they want it. We don't change our product. We just make sure that we can say it in that way, in because obviously their brain immediately jumps when they see that another Okay, that makes sense, like it's a bias. It's not even true. It doesn't matter if it's true, but we want to how are we bypassing that? So I thought that was very good intake, and I saw as well. It mentioned in it didn't give as such a good way of using that information in chat GBT, but it still actually mentioned this, and I thought that is something we definitely want to be aware of when we're speaking to the US market, also what I went through. So we're going to really just make sure we're covering what do they want and what so each pillar that you had, the tier one and the thing, so it is a lot of information. It's really just there for your own so I'm doing committed competitor analysis, right? So there's all those reports I've also done specifically just for the US. No, no. That is on this stainless manufacturing like, I've put in this. We're trying to break into the US market. We're trying what we what our goals were before we started. Yeah. Like the prompts I will show you, too. They're like, I start off with one of what I've written, and then I make a prompt where it's so long we would never write it, but it's basically on. These are our goals. Like, what do we need to know to achieve this? How can we set up for success where there gaps in the markets? What's our competitor not doing? Well? Like, that's all the questions I'm sort of including so that it's coming back with that information. I did do a quick cheat. I mean, you are clean as anything online with your digital footprint, there's like no critical negative mentions. So I was just going, I mean, normally I just do that to make sure I was just looking wherever you were mentioned, and also where your people went to forums, but they're really not in too many public forums. No, like, we've got, like this finishing specialties forum, but so I'm sort of also trying to find out where are they speaking well, how are we finding out what they're moaning about or like, somewhere they must be putting that online. Do you know what I mean? So I have all put this in again. I'm bringing this all in to AI for then, so you don't have to look through it all really. But I just wanted to make sure you knew it was here. If you felt like, I'll just have a look. I also then went to Manus and said, Please tell me who are the main players at this conference, and who would add value. Who would get value from the from the relationship on both sides, right? Because I was like, not just about you getting value, like, how, how can we find people where it would be event mutually beneficial, so they'll definitely take action. So this is what it came up with me, and it gave me, obviously, what it could on any details, yeah. So this is your job, really, because I know you're at conference next week. Elena, I'll put a task make sure this is on one task for you is really to go through and say, one are we following these people on LinkedIn?Isabelle Em  14:11ISP, we're actually already in discussions with them. Perfect about partnering with them.Lisa Galea  14:16So what we want to do is create a spreadsheet of the people we are going for at this conference? Yeah, I would, we'll what we'll do is, I was thinking so I would select all of this stuff, because I wanted to show you how I deal with it, right? I'd get all this stuff, and I'd say to AI, I'm going to a conference, and this is the people who I need to make me like a strategic approach where you can tick off, yeah, I've been in contact, I've made a comment on LinkedIn, and what you find is, so these are the mate. I mean, it's really, I think for you, this was your information, because it doesn't really. Mean much for me. Yeah? Okay, so this is, like, also the speakers and key decision makers. Now my strategy, when I'm prepping up for these developers to sell things right, is what I do is, so that's like, what they're recommending you could do? I will go into LinkedIn and follow these people. Yeah, one, most of these people won't even have anyone following them and saying, Hey, you're important because they're really nobodies. But they are important if they are normally there's a gatekeeper. This is the issue, right? We always have a gatekeeper issue that you can't normally speak to the man who runs the company, who is actually the tissue maker. So what I do is go through like every night and sort of find people in the company and start connecting with like five more people in the company who are under that person, yeah, and, you know, again, those people have no attention, right? I'm not selling to them. I'm just like start making one. I would like put them as a follow. Then I'll start making comments. So I know this is a little bit of work, but if you do it strategically, I'll start making comments. Like to show we align in beliefs. Yeah, that add value on their thing. You can ask AI for help, but I would recommend you write them yourselves. I mean, we're not just making up this bollocks. These people should be useful to you. Yeah, right. So you're sort of adding a comment. So they start, you'll see they have no one commenting on their shit, right? So they start noticing you. That's what you want. That's how I got to work with Christo, yeah. And it's three months. So every time they posted, I got a warning. I'm booming there, and I'm commenting, because he only looks for 20 minutes at the comments. After that, you'll cut off. I don't think you'll have that problem with these people, but what we do is, so what happens is, then, when you meet them at the conference, as you go through as well, through these people. Elena, I want you to think, like you said, we're already in discussions with those. I want you to really know which ones you want to talk to. Yeah, which ones are going to be the ones you want to win. So it's really like we can go and get information on that person who will be at that stand. Yes. So when you start talking to them, you are not asking about telling them about you, you know, shit about them that you mentioned that brings the bond. Yeah, like, I'll go and look up, which, weirdly, is available for a lot of people, especially if they're online, like, what's their favorite books? Like, what books have influenced themselves, and if anyone's been interviewed, weirdly, that's all available, right? And then I'll go in and learn a quote from the book that's their favorite way of, like, business thinking, blah, blah, blah, blah, or whatever. And so then, in the meeting, if I mentioned that quote, we're best friends, yeah, like, I don't, I don't, I don't. Like, they're like, Oh my God, that's my favorite book. And I'm like, oh my god, I love that. Great. Okay, so because I know them, you see that, well, I already know them. I already know That's their favorite book. I could make them a present that they're gonna just jump up and down and love because before I've gone into meeting, I already know they are and so when I'm set, when I'm doing it for developers, I'm really starting to make comments. I start looking at what these people code. So when you're only targeting like, Okay, I haven't got time to do every single person, which person is going to add the most value to our business, okay, what did that person like, who's in their team, who can, because imagine when the gatekeeper, you meet them, right? And they're famous, then they go to look, and you've asked to be connections, and then they see underneath, oh, you're already connected with like, 10 people in the company, right? Suddenly you're safe. You are safe because you have other connections. They know the other connections are easy to get. Yeah, they're not, because they don't normally like people like Chris doe when he comments, you should see what happens to mine. It goes crazy. How many people like it then? Because, if they're following Him, they get told he likes something or commented. So he doesn't really do that very often, because he knows so you want it that when they look they're like, oh my god, there's already, like, they know Johnny, and Johnny's my best mate. So they must be my best mate, because this is how our brain works, right? And so that is because the gatekeepers, Johnny's probably, like we normally have, there's only a lady or somebody that we have to be besties with to get the like proposal through to that person. She's more important than the person, because I can't get it through her. What I've made it's useless. And I can't ask that man to open or look at anything, because he won't do. Unless she tells him to. So she's the one who's really gotta be convinced, not me, not them, right? So what we need to do is you look at this list. So that's your job next week, is to start preparing strategically, because when you know that, we should know what documents you need to make for them, yeah, what do we need? To show them? What do they what are they looking for? Like, what do they need? And we can find that out if you give me a clue and narrow down more who these people are, because I don't really want to go in and look who they all are. Okay, so that is your job next week, Helena. And I mean, I don't know, I'm sure Isabelle has also got insights, because she's been in the industry more in terms of dealing with them competitively, yeah.Isabelle Em  20:43So David Bellamy on the top of that list. He loves us.Lisa Galea  20:49So you want to make like, this is like strategy of how you're doing it. You want to go, these are the people here. I've even got a map of the conference, right, so we can mark where they are and we are preparing now, when you see him, you've already maybe got some back, like, you've already got some back knowledge.Isabelle Em  21:08Like, you could always ask him, be like, Hey, would you mind giving us an introduction? Yeah. And he'd be like, yeah, noLisa Galea  21:13problem. And if you've planned in advance, don't waste it with Do you see what I mean? It's like, it's like, when I'm telling people, don't come and ask me for 20 things. But if you come and ask me for one, happy to do it and make sure it's like something that's useful to you, think about it. Don't just say I need help, because really we don't know what to do and so to fucking I need help, mate like that. So all of that is in there, that is got all of this is with the competitor gap on the actual your competitive that didn't do ready made stuff. So again, have a look through you say, no, they're not our competitive, Lisa, don't bother. Or they are. And because I was trying to work out, like, who's buying it, right? Because that's what I want to know. So it's like, how old are they? What do they do? What are they interested in? So this was what I started to build out, was the psychographics of that person, what they were building. So this is the first lot I get from Ai, but normally, obviously I'm looking and this is where your brain and knowledge comes in. Is like, Yeah, I know that person. That's right. Okay? Like, so normally I'll do these people, and then I'll ask my client, like, I'll do five people, and as soon as I start describing them, they'll be like, Oh no, it's not that one. It's this one, because I already know, because I deal with them normally, yeah, okay, so you're just having that look, because once we know that again, we know how to communicate with them, what generation they are, what's going to be nostalgia, what's going to be important to their beliefs and thoughts, which is why they will align with you. Okay? So that is how we're going through obviously, in our communication, way we're going to do that strategy next week, and that's what you're going to go down into, like, Let's hunt this human Okay,23:02okay, okay.Helena E  23:03And is this specifically on the US? No,Lisa Galea  23:07this is on all, I would say, the strategies on all of everyone. Then I because we're really we got six weeks, right? Yeah, that's a lot to do. So I thought prepare, if we prepare for that conference in Hong Kong, in Hong Kong, which is our shifter, in terms of that market? Yeah, I'm certain, in the process of us doing that, you we're still going to build out the distributor and all that, because it's all in there, right? I'm going to still build their profiles, but in terms of deliverables and what we have to have, I really want to make we must be ready for that. Yeah, that's not an option. You know what it means. It's like you flying out. So we want to make sure, and I think in the process of doing that, the others are going to fall into place anyway, because it's almost like they are at the same time. Have to be done. But let's just go through that research. So this is like feeding your brain with all the thoughts. Remember, it's AI. You're the one who's the decision maker, but this is additional information. And like I said, the reason it's more beneficial, I think, for you to read it, is because you already have information on this market. For me, I'm going to have to, like, Go, is it true? I don't know. I'm going to have to check more and more information. Okay, yeah, so I'll make sure that is on there, and I'll look through because this sprint finishes on Tuesday. So then I'll go and see what we didn't finish a review and reflect, because that's actually the secret to achieving your goals. And I will then also put on a task where this is like, Okay, we've got this amount of time, I want you to start strategically saying, Yeah, I've been to LinkedIn already know this person. He's an ally. He's someone I want to get in touch with. So when we going there, you're not like, oh, surprise, I'm at a conference. It's when you meet someone, you'd be able to mention a book, because you know that that person has those beliefs. And then you'll win the game. Okay? The other reason you're not winning this game because the tier one thing did worry me slightly, can't really see I can't see you guys. I have no idea what you look like. That's better. I jump you up, you're on the wrong screen. One of the things I suddenly I was like, Oh my God. Like, that's why they were 87,000 because if you need everything rebranded for tier one, yeah, there's a lot of work, right? But the stuff you sent me through, it looks fine on the covers. So I'm like, but then your website, which I remember when that went pet shaped. I'm still I've managed to get all my stuff. I've gone back to 2013 I feel like it might be even earlier. That had to really get earlier. When did you guys open your company? 18 years? Seven? Yeah, I thought so I thought it's like mine was 2008 for nor us, so I gotta go back to an older one. But that's good we're getting there, because I know I've got a brand guide. Honestly, you guys went off brand, like it went off brand, right? So I know that there should be something somewhere that helps. That's the font. But when I went to look and you26:18are currently have a brand guide, do we?Lisa Galea  26:21Yeah, well, you're, I went to basically the sterilization I saw you were actually already,Helena E  26:31I think I just put that in the Google Drive, our brand guide.Lisa Galea  26:34Okay, cool. Then I'm getting, I'm going to have to make a document up for those, because it was like, Really, I'll see if it's easy to get AI to just put them all what they are. So we know this one's for this pillar, this one's for this pillar. I'm pretty certain that'll be a lot quicker for you than me than trying to read through and working out what they are. But I went to the website where the sterilization was. I did download any of their social media stuff that they had, because some of the companies were already putting that as a post, like, Oh, we're going to be here. This is where our stand is. So I saved that so that a debt could see that, and they'd given like, pictures and stuff that you could add on. But when I looked in the bronze section, I went and looked at the people above you, and then I looked at the people in the bronze section, which you're assuming, there's you and there's the other people. So I'm like, Who do we want to look like? Where are we in this market that that was what I was doing this. I'm just like, looking and clicking so I can see how their websites look. Obviously, blue is a popular color because I am bluesy. Industry color, we know that, right? So the other thing I'm also looking for when I'm doing this research is that, like, what's the colors of the industry? You got the blues, the purples, we're safe all the time, calm. You've also got the fonts, okay? That's why I'm normally looking at what fonts used in the industry, because it's normally also a standard. And when I did that, I realized why, you guys. I thought I put that on that board. And that's the example of the post. See, see you at the conference, but when I thought I put these on the board, visual comparison is, oh, here we go. Your fonts. You've got four fonts in on your website immediately, right? This is breaking trust immediately. I was just like, Oh, my God, what's going on here? Okay, so that is No that sounds that's ridiculous. There's not one other person who's got four fonts. They've all got open sands. They're just open sands. Open sands. It's basically all they isHelena E  28:55building a new website that's matches our brand.Lisa Galea  29:00So that's what we need to make sure every single thing, because Montserrat is definitely not in your brand, because it's way too fat compared to your logo. I wasn't even sure Poppins was pretty round and friendly. What was interesting is like normally for your in like for trust and basically for any law documents, I would use this picked Montserrat. Monserrat is, well, that is not allowed, because it's freaking me out every time I see it. Look at your logo. Your logo is like a condensed and it's just like this big fat, weird, wide thing doesn't even match your logo so badly. Yeah, that was the one that was killing me. Well, I'll make sure that I go through because I was like, there's, that's why I'm trying to find the guide. I'm like, I didn't choose Monterey because that's a crap font. Yeah? Okay, so I mean, that's not, that's not, I'm not being rude, but that's just like, you know, I'm like, it forms. I'm like, it just doesn't. Match your whole like, psychology of any of it, it doesn't match anything at all. So we will look. They do. I'm gonna just look. I don't understand. I want to look at the ones above, because normally, as I said, I would definitely be using a serif like that. Normally means, like, law, trust, doctors, okay, yeah. But no one has used, or they have no one really uses a serif. They've all used, like, a really basic, they've normally just used a real basic open font, which means things are simple and easy to understand, okay, which is great for body copy. But I was like, I really would normally have a serif in there to add that like, because if people read it, it you go from like a C minus to a B plus. It's it's huge. The difference exactly the same work and the same for rest. So you really want to be using this, so I'm going to go through and make sure that the fonts we are onHelena E  31:00are consistent. The ones in the in the new brand guide are the ones that we'reLisa Galea  31:04supposed to be, yeah, because I will look because I was like, that is immediately why you are not trusted. Like, you won't look like you like, that's just messing up all your communication, okay? Like, I know that sounds like, how ridiculous that it is, so we need to make sure your website. That's why it's like, I wonder if, especially, I'll get more into exactly how we need to look for these people and what they want on the website, because I think maybe I should work with a deck.Isabelle Em  31:37Yes, did you want to see what the current new website looks like, yesHelena E  31:41please. Okay, we might, we might be able to send Lisa the back end the WordPress link, just soIsabelle Em  31:47she could. It's not in WordPress. It's done in ODU. Okay, yeah,Lisa Galea  31:52that's fine. I looked at ODU. That's fine, and that's probably good, because I'm getting over WordPress, because I'm thinking, you're making things hard for me, mate. I don't think I need you. Let me show you, so I will stop sharing. So really that was, I'm looking at these pictures, and also want to know I did look at the menu straight away. Allow story. The menus, most of them had like, data, like, it wasn't like about me. It was like, Look at these. They had like, extra things up that really sort of said,32:29Can you see my screen?Lisa Galea  32:30I can't see No, not yet. Good. I want to see that, because you're down the bottom. Yeah.Isabelle Em  32:49So this is currently the new website, yeah.Lisa Galea  32:58So at the moment, like immediately, this says you're exactly as you were, that you're like, shop by department, shop by product. Yeah, right. So that's saying to me you, they're now saying to me you're a custom design person that says you're a shop who just sells things by catalog, right? So those that's what I noticed on your menu. The menu items really communicate very quickly what you do to people. Yeah, and your menu didn't say, I work in America and I do a tier one customers. It basically says, I'm a catalog, which I thought, yeah, that's what we need to change. Doesn't mean we don't have to have the catalog on there again, by the way, it's set up at the front with that shop by product, shop by department, it was like, well, immediately you've told me you're not this person that you want to be. I think she'sHelena E  33:49also trying to build portals for different distributors or different groups, like an American portal, that they can just shop off for non custom work.Lisa Galea  34:09Yeah, I'd have to. That's why it's like, it's almost like, then you don't need the portal on the front end, yeah? Like, you don't need to have it, like, everyone will have a portal.34:23We mean,Lisa Galea  34:26well, we need what, first of all, look for. From my perspective, you need to find out exactly who your customers are and what we're doing and what our brand messaging is, and then we would be deciding on how the website is working, because right now it's almost like in my brain, you would have people, and at the top it would either say, distributors, us, you know, US market, and then the other one would be like you. I don't know you would know exactly the words, but I didn't notice. Like I said, they're, they're all about proving, like, you need to do case studies on your stuff. Yeah, they that's the other thing that we need to be creating. Is some trust and case studies that hit their pain points, which is the rust in the corners. You know, like the things that you're saying with the sterilization that are causing problems, yeah, and all the work health and making sure they tick off every single that's why I was like, I want to see that list of what you've got so we can show the list of certifications they need and say we tick every box with no one thinking, right? That's what we need to do, is like, make this just a no brainer, that we're the ones you choose, because we do exactly what you want. And there is gaps in the market, especially with that custom design. As you said, people who come in and care and actually make it easier for them. You def, you're you're definitely, like everything you cover, you're just not communicatingIsabelle Em  36:09it, yeah, like, I think Dad had the idea of us making it easy for the customers. And he had that idea of like a, like a mecca website, or a Sephora website where it was really clear and easy to see the products. But as you're saying it, it's not us. We're more like a custom built high end like, if you want to look like Aston Martin or jag or some,Lisa Galea  36:32well, that's what I'm saying. If you want to be I haven't even looked. That's the other thing. I'm not I don't know what a tier one, right? So I've looked, and now we're going to go and look at like because I did go and download a brochure from one of them, and I'm telling you, you look nothing like it. No, there's no way you could go in that market, because that's why you look like a mum and dad company. And this is why, too, like the website, the design is not you can see the ones which have got a designer and which ones are just like, this is a catalog. It is a catalog. And it's like, that's that isn't like a bad thing, but that isn't the messaging that's going to get you in, yeah? Because if they wanted a catalog, they go to China, do? I mean, it's like, you can still have it. It's not like it doesn't exist, but it's like, what you're communicating as the main core thing is, we're a bulk manufacturer, and you're not going to win then, because you don't win on price. I would say we don't win, if we like, for our manufacturing. We can't beat China price, no, but we don't give a shit. We're not competing against them because our product is 10 times better. Yeah. So I think you are. There's no question, when I'm looking at the research, you're there. The market is there waiting for you, but this website is not going to do it. So I would say with debt, that's why I started thinking, like that's the only thing that's making me nervous, because I'm like, someone has got to set up. Actually, high quality design, yeah. And what is her background,38:09digital marketing?Lisa Galea  38:11Has she, like you said, she used Photoshop? So do you think she can use Adobe, others, or is she Canvas really? I think so. Yeah, cool. I think I really do. I'm not quite ready, because I want to know exactly. I think, honestly, if I gave a direction and we make a plan again, like you're saying with social media, no one's helping her. No, yeah, she hasn't done this research. She doesn't know this. She's doing what your dad's told her to do, yeah, and that's why, really, it's like, even your dad telling me is like, let's see, like that company is saying you need a logo. I mean, it's the last thing you need. Yeah, right. So we will go through and work out, what do those need to be at the top? What are the menus need to be to sell to these people? Yes, so that we fit in. When I go and look at the other people's menus, and I might if I've got questions when I'm looking and I say, is this, I know you did mention some names, Isabelle anyway, so that will help me. But they definitely had, I see that in here enlarge. So then their menu was, like, company logistical solutions. You see, like, straight away, you tell me what you do, logistical solution. And like, when I was yours, I was like, Okay, one, we got fonts everywhere, and the fonts do not match your brand alignment. And also, I know we're a catalog that's pretty crap. Like, it looks like a cheat, it looks like a Chinese catalog. It doesn't look like any there's no luxury at all in there. There's no no which is, yeah, so I don't think we want to. We need to plan that before a debt spends any more time on it. Yes, so we'll do that. But if as. I'm coming through now, and obviously I know you guys are busy next week, so that's why I'm going to just give you tasks like by Tuesday, I'll make sure you've got them where you go and say, Yes, this person's the one we want, Lisa or we know these people, and this is who we're targeting. And they are useful for us because it helps me. And I did like I said, go through and do that scraping of all those you should have names and stuff. I don't know girls as well. If it's useful or not, because it's AI, I know it's useful when I look at it, because it's like, oh yeah, I want that person I do. So that's why this is, like, done with you. So you guys know that, and I don't have to work it out, because otherwise it takes me ages. But we also need, I'll look through and say which ones, because you've still got in when I'm looking at the design of these other websites, there's different ways you can go. That's why we really need to make sure we know what is our final purpose of where we want to be as a company. Yeah. So I look through that brand, did you get that for me, the purpose? And is that all in that folder? Now?Helena E  41:02Yeah, it should be in that folder. She said she put it in there. I'm goingLisa Galea  41:06to look at that now, because that's what's fascinating me. Like, I wonder, because I imagine I already know, right? But then I'm like, do I know your dad's purpose? I don't know. I want to guess. Guess what it is. Have you got any questions? I'm just going to go there and look. But actually we should go to the portal, because I think there's a link the whole point of having a portal. So on the side, I have also got our meeting transcribes in there. If you did ever think you wanted to run through inbox, there we go. Oh, see, can you see the Emory? And can you see how that is just not okay?Helena E  41:50Are you sharing your screen? Like,Lisa Galea  41:52oh, sorry, sorry. No, I'm probably not. Just like, this isn't I mean, like, straight away, I'm just like, see your phone, he's Yeah, and then see that it's completely different. And it's like, I know that, honestly, I know that it's my brain, right? But I also know that uncomfortable feeling that I'm getting from looking at it immediately, like, I don't know why we've got an italic. I'm like, already craft of care, and then I'm lucky in a funny, yeah, I know that's my response, but I know that stops people buying, right? So it's like, I know I'm overreacting, because I can't help it, but it's still weird. And like, the line weight is like, Why? Why they're fighting each other. There's a lot of problems. And so that's why our vision, we are committed to meeting and expanding the requirements needs of our customers. We support our quality goals. Our vision is to become a leading medical at church erotica. This is achieved through innovationHelena E  42:58that's obviously old before any of the export stuff. Yeah,43:01yeah. I don't think it's Yeah, been updated.Lisa Galea  43:05And now bring energy into users.Helena E  43:13Cool, well, I will happy to update this if it needs to be updated. Less we will beLisa Galea  43:17updating this, my friend, because the fact you don't know them freaks me out, because my team all know I'm on for word dollification Mate, my vision is clear. Yeah, everyone knows what it is, and it's in everything we do. It's like, Does this meet our vision of making sure workplaces are enjoyable? Yeah? Is that our purpose is like, we want people to be happy and feel good at work and be able to make great decisions because they feel good and be creative and have fun, so they might like they know that, and that's the other thing. This vision is all about. It see. And my vision is about how I want to see the world, and I want to see a place where people celebrate diversity and are curious, and it's fun to find out how other people think we're not afraid of other people. So that's really my big vision of how I see and I want the world, and that's how short it really is. It's like, I want people to celebrate diversity, and I believe so my purpose is, I believe happy people don't hurt other people. So my purpose is to make people happy. See how simple that is. I've told you, like in two minutes, then my mission is to give leaders the tools and skills they need to create solution, seeking communication, right? So I've got three things. Vision is a dream world. It's my dream state, right? It's not for me to be a leading manufacturer. It's why? What difference would that make? Why do you want to be a why I'm like? That's about me. I. Why do you want to do that? What difference is it going to make to the world? Do you see what I mean? You're telling me you want to become that, but and how you're going to do it, you're even telling me by innovation, quality products, right? So telling me how you're going to do that, but really, you're not telling me why. What's the vision of that? What's the outcome of you being this person? Is it going to change? What's going to change? So your vision should be, like, more dreamy. It's like, the amazing world that you see because of your purpose. You know, like, why do you want to do this? Is it to help other people? Is it to what problem are you solving for other people? Because to become a leading manufacturer and distributor is like,45:50just you. It doesn't say anything.Lisa Galea  45:52No, it just says, I want to be a leading manufacturer. It means nothing to me. I don't give a shit if you're leading or not. Yeah, like if I'm a customer. Do you know what I mean? So it's like, what the vision should make a difference the customer. Because already, like, I said, I've got, I'm studying, I've been studying creative leadership, and it's with the European like, cans. The director messaged me because he's dyslexic, so immediately he understood my vision, yeah. And so when I've entered that as part of, like, you know the coursework, he's like, is there anything I can do to help you? Because I'm able to communicate that, and we immediately resonate, because he understands what. So you want to make sterilization so there isn't germs, so there isn't this. Do you know what I mean that's what's going to change the world? Is because your stuff's going in and you're making these people's life easier, or they can do a better job, or there's going to be less disease and like, that's really this amazing world that I would say your stuff does, and it's, I mean, is there to think there is a back like that? I mean, obviously the first thing that comes to mind is, we just want to make money. Is actually the reason. But that's not a reason that's going to come that's not going to cut it as your north star. So, I mean, everyone wants to like the money is a byproduct, yeah. So even if it is your vision is to build something that you're proud of for your family, is fine, but there sort of needs to be a why, why, and that's what I'd say is missing from that vision. And obviously your mission is like, this is what we're doing. So I'd say that's fine. We can easily make that up. I can make up what you're doing because I can see what you're doing, yeah, but I can't make up this why, because I'm wondering, like, I don't know if Mike has the why, but you guys are wanting to sort of be bigger than that's why, yeah, you have to make this bullshit up anyway. Sorry, you need a vision that's beneficial to your customers.Isabelle Em  48:11Yeah, we want to, I guess. I think the crafted for care is we're crafting tools for like care holders, like people in the care industry, for helping people, we're trying to help people, help people with our equipment.Lisa Galea  48:31I think that's where that was going. Yeah, I think see that's now I'm making sense, easierIsabelle Em  48:36and safer for them so they can care for people.Lisa Galea  48:39That makes sense, yeah? Because I know your mom's values and how she acts as a human Yeah, that aligns so much better with I want to be a leading manufacturer, because I don't think your mom's ever thought that, no, but your mum, in her values, in the way she behaves, is we care for people, and she always wants to make things better for people, better for people and caring for people. So that is actually your vision, is hospitals where the staff are supported to give the quality care that patients require. Yes, okay, so that's like you're supporting those staff and those team members so they can excel at their jobs and make sure that care is passed on, the care that you have for your stuff is passed on to them, because they can care for their people, because you've cared Exactly. This is a good vision and purpose, because it's got more like, oh me, and immediately it resonates with me, because obviously I do know your mom, because that's like, I don't think this will be hard, because I know and your values and how you behave as a company. I mean, my values, even though I've got three companies building, it doesn't really change between valid companies, because I'm. Blockchain, like, how I communicate them changes, but they're exactly the same values, yeah. Okay, so it's like, how I make because the values, how you have put these values here, is in a good way, because it's beneficial to the other person, right? So that is good. But again, we want them like they need to be there you are remembering them, your team knows them. And really, like, when I've actually worked with, I've worked with a couple autistic people, and one of them is really and she has got a crazy brain that's photographic, right? And we spoke about values and what she believed in, and like we've, I've helped her build a business, and basically she is so light. She goes, Just align with my values. Oh, it doesn't. I'm not doing it like she has just taken what I've said and used it like it's a and, oh my God, I've never seen anyone move so quick, because there's no emotional attachment to the shit, you know. I mean, it's like, yes, no, by I move on, and I don't do anything unless it aligns with my values and what I'm doing. And I mean, I've never seen anyone else work like that. I'm not sure if they could, because we all have emotions normally attached to shit. But still, when I'm reading these, one, I'm not remembering them right. And two, they just do lot. They're not easy for me to remember. And actually, we want to know what they are and how we act in them. That's both important, but I can clean these for and see what we because it looks to me that you have got your purpose in your values, because you've got that care about quality and stuff all down here. So I would imagine that if I go through this and work with Nelly, who is trained in how you build brands through like five stages of campaigning, I will go through and say, Okay, your colors are good. I know that your fonts was the only thing, but we must have fonts that I chose. We probably do. You would it's gotta be, I know it's trade Gothic immediately, but I don't know if that exists as a you definitely need that, and we need to work out. Is this just she's put that in there, or is that what she's using? Is that her ideas? Or is that what you'reHelena E  52:27using? We're using that business card, yeah,Lisa Galea  52:32and that's our letterhead. What is all this stuff on the sides?Speaker 2  52:36It's the colors. No idea. There's no purpose, myLisa Galea  52:39friend, no, get rid of it. You can't have it. There's no purpose. We don't have it is visual communication. We're talking to people. All you're doing is like, what the fuck I now can't see your logo, like, I'm just concentrating on all this shit on the outside that means, nothing to do with your brand, and all I can see is your logo in like. This is not like, but that's part of the messaging. Is like, when you're designing something, if there's an element, it is visually adding value. And I'm not sure one, I'm not sure what value that's adding, and also the fact that it now swells on this one, yeah, that's different. Freaks me out completely. But again, it distracts from you. It's so much more powerful than your logo. And does it tell people what you do? Like when I give someone a business card? Now, I don't want it to be a like, I just go online. I don't need a business card, right?Isabelle Em  53:39You do some examples of other companies business cards, yeah, that we use, and that's the name. Like, it's really basic, basic, like, really clean,Lisa Galea  53:56yeah, because that is a your whole industry is clean and simple, because it's actually that's actually their whole purpose is clean and simple. Yeah? So you definitely want to keep it that way. And I would like if I'm doing if I was doing that on54:13the phone, yeah?Lisa Galea  54:21Yeah, and it tells me what you do. That's why it's like if a business card sitting on my desk, and I don't know what it does, even if that person, when I met them at the conference, I remember thinking they were fab. Then in the end, I can't remember who that person was, because I'm, like, a bit confused, because I met lots of people, and it sat at my desk for so long. Yeah. So I feel like, normally I would say craft is I like the craft of the care, because I think that will be what we can we can tie that in with your vision and values. Mm. But I would say at the bottom, stainless steel manufacturing is like, you know, sterilization, stainless steel specialists. But so anybody looks at it is just like, that's what they know what it is. So it's either there or it's on the back. But right now, it's like we're fighting with way too many things. Yeah, okay, so it's not, but that's a difference with the tier one, because they actually did the 87,000 and that's why you don't fit. Yeah, that that's that's basically why. But we can fix it. It's easy, but I would say once she gets the rules, I think working with her will help. So your badges is fine. Again, I would tell them like it's fine, but think if you put a line under debt, tell them the benefit to them. That's what we want, a tagline that says, This is what you get from us. This is the transformation that you get from working with us. Because I'm like, Okay, this is what you are. Obviously you're in normally the area, so it's fine. We do know what you do. But if you think about that, it's like, that's what that's what that needs to read. Is like, I'm telling them what to think all the time. Don't, don't let them make perception up of what Emory means. We say this means quality care. You know, whatever is important to them, to be honest, it's what we're going to find out. So I think good. We've got to start. And if she can do this where she makes it up, I can go and look at the hours and say, Okay, I'll go and work with Nelly, and I will obviously do what I do. She can make it because I don't wantHelena E  56:52to make it. Yeah, no, she can. She can really do it up. We just need to tell her what.Lisa Galea  56:57We just need to tell her what to do and when and how we communicate this. This is for internal teams anyway. Yeah, so it's fine. But can you see, like, we don't like, Who's he? Am I? Am I dealing with him when I go to America, I don't know. Like, Brad the builder, is he? He's probably for a different pillar. He's very domestic, so you won't you're going to need three pages. So if a someone comes in new working for your team, they're like, I'm dealing with this person. This is what this person is. And they're in distribution, or they're in hospital, because I don't think there's the same persona 100% for each pillar. So we've got to make sure that that comes through. I love your colors. I think making the red the Reds good. It's just how we need to now really make sure we're communicating your so your purpose? Do you think that is, I think you explained it well, and I could imagine it. Do Can you have a wording that you think of the purpose Elena of Emory's like, if you're saying, What's your vision, if you're now started working for Emory, what's your vision for the company?Helena E  58:18Um, without using these words, I would I would love to have Emory fit out every hospital, but I think the reason that we make our products at such a high quality is so that if people we know go into hospital, we know that they are going to be using the highest quality equipment.Isabelle Em  58:54Yes, mum's already given us a name of one sort of hospital group. She's like, never go in there. They're using crap equipment. You're going to get an infection. Don't go in there.Lisa Galea  59:04Your mom's the first person I ring. I'm like, is this doctor? Okay? And they're like, she knows everybody, right? So I also see that story again, is like, your mum's worked in hospitals. That's the story. Your mum's been in hospital. She's been a carer. Yeah, yeah. And she knows what it's like that you can't do your job properly as a nurse and care. So that's the story we're telling. Like, that's the brand story. You didn't just buy a company that was just like, it was sort of random, but it wasn't because it's like, we bought a company that was to do with cars. You bought a company that was to do with medical that's your mum's story. Yeah, your mom's story is caring for people. So then, with your husband, she's built this company, and she wants it to be worldwide. Like, I want global quality. Like, I've got a global for my mission. In once we get it needs to be quantifiable to pass if you've got a brand person checking it. So we need a quantifiable mission, which mine is to be in 195 countries, which is every country worldwide. I want to start ripples of change so I can measure as soon as I sell my grow initial kit, or it's actually free, because it's, I want it to be planted everywhere that is in the country. It gets marked on a map. Yes, celebrate, right? So we would have, it's going to post social media too. So basically, I know I'm measuring that. So how are we measuring that you're doing a good job. How we measuring that you're achieving this thing, that you've got hospitals, you know, like you're making hospitals better. Yeah, that's what we've gotta be able to say, yeah. How we measuring that?Helena E  1:00:50And the best part is, is that we're not only in one part of the hospital, like we can be all the way from triage through to theaters and every single part of the hospital, even through to external trucks driving medical equipment around. We're in thatLisa Galea  1:01:09because of it being sterilized, or because of your normal stuff,Helena E  1:01:17because a lot of so one of our product lines is our hardest will stink sinks, which go into the centralization departments. Yeah, departments, but that's only one product. So all our trolleys and everything and IV poles go into theaters orIsabelle Em  1:01:37wards or emergency department, you know? Yeah, we even do housekeeping as well, the back of house as well, kitchens and laundry and laundry, clothesLisa Galea  1:01:50are they all are in all those, in all those areas. Obviously, I know your catalogs that made it sometimes, right in all those areas, are you really, you're adding that care, and you're still doing exactly the same build that you are doing, really, for the sterilization, no matter really everywhere you are, that is care because everything, because we don't want germs anywhere, I'm assuming, yeah, yeah, we won't compromise On the quality. It doesn't matter where it's from. Your toilets in housekeeping, whether you're in operating theater, where you're being cut open, you don't care. You don't it doesn't matter to you. You always you know the importance of everything in the chain.Isabelle Em  1:02:30Yeah, yeah. Okay. Everything is made to such a high standard, we won't compromise on that, even if it makes us such a premium product. But if you're happy to be a premium product, exactly,Lisa Galea  1:02:42yeah, because, you know, it makes it better. Like, honestly, it makes it so much better. And people want, you know, like, my friend put out a tool yesterday. She's law, she's excellent. Like, I want her to be the CEO of my company. It's like, free. And she's like, Oh, guys, can you help? No one wants it. And I'm like, I'm pretty certain that your audience don't give a shit about free because they don't give away anything free. They're lawyers mate, like, they think free is shit, because if it's free, they wouldn't give anything useful away. That's free. That's how their brain is like. So when you give them something for free, you're way better off saying, No, it costs $59 because they'll actually appreciate it Shitloads more than a free thing. So knowing your people is key. But I love the story we're starting to build that we're saying this is it, like your mum saw an opportunity where she could improve, you know, the workplace, and change the outcome for not only the staff, but for the people she loves, the people she cares for in her life, because she knows the importance of that when you go into hospitals,Isabelle Em  1:03:49yes, yeah. And she's always focused on reducing risk of injuries for health care staff as well,Helena E  1:03:59millions and billions of dollars a year on work cover claims, people getting injured at work, all our height adjustable sinks and tables and all that is to combat The Work Health and Safety claims in the hospitals. Yeah, so the short people don't have to reach and the tall people don't have to bend over.Lisa Galea  1:04:24Not, I just just this just popped in idea, because that's why I'm throwing out ideas, you know, I've just bought those. I've just started using you UPCS, where you can set them up. So like, after my medication, I click on it, and it tells my phone, tick, tick, you've done it. So it's like a tap and pay, tap and pay, right? Yeah. So I'm setting them up super easy. Very cool dogs being fed. So if they had someone in who comes into the hospital, and they're going to use those, I'm assuming. Mean, there's lots of shifts and they're going to use a high adjustable bed. Does that person have immediate access to know how to use that properly to stop injury, or would they have to go to documentationHelena E  1:05:06and the staff carry around like a tag to open and shut the special doors so that not any random can just walk through doors of the hospital, and one of our new reps down in New South Wales just came up with an idea to tag the benches so the sink automatically moves to their height, like how you get in the car.Lisa Galea  1:05:34So perfect. Yeah, you've said it in advance. That's a good idea.Helena E  1:05:38Yeah, so that's like a R and D project is, but there's no like, there's no scan this QR code and watch this video on how to ergonomically set up an emery bench like, that doesn't exist because people kind of just move it around to whatever height they want.Isabelle Em  1:06:01It also depends on what, especially in the like on the the tables, it depends what they're wrapping like they could have quite a deep wrap, so they have to move the table slightly lower, or they need to move it a bit higher, small one, or if they're sitting at the bench as well, they need a different height to when they're standing at the bench. So it's, yeah, soLisa Galea  1:06:22really they need, it doesn't really matter if that is set up to automatic. There's too many different opportunities. But it also that it would be good, like, I've got this, you know, $3,000 special magic chair, but I read the instructions once, and I'm probably sitting in it, still doing all this really tardy stuff, right? So it would be good if I could just easily go, how the hell am I meant to set this chair up again? Yeah, even if I've had training, because what I'm realizing a lot like when I'm going through training, when I'm doing it with Dr Leslie, honestly, you're learning on the first day, and you're giving everyone all this info, and it's overwhelming. It is they don't remember anything. It's the first day, like I'm trying to get my shit around, like, your names, Isabelle, I can't remember anything. I'm really not useful. And then as I as we're working for them, and we're doing what we do reviews every three months. I'm like, they don't know these assets exist that are there to help them, and that's what I want with my team. Is like, I've made all this shit for lots of people. Like, I make brand guards. No one ever uses them. So how can we make it so that it's so easy for them to use? So I think that that is good for your customersHelena E  1:07:35is a is a PowerPoint template where it's already preset. So when I start typing in the header, it goes to our fonts, it goes to our colors. I've tells you where to add. A photo has the colors in the blue graphs already preset and whatnot, so that if you need a zoom presentation, you could do it in half an hour and it would look how it'sLisa Galea  1:08:00supposed to look. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking you need, is everything templated. Because, as well, it's like with H, A, P, the people who are, I mean, it's fine if you know how to make things look pretty, but most people don't, no, and I mean, mostly, I mean, I've always had men doing that, so you really want a template that's like, this is the five, seven different styles of pages you can have, and this is what we have. And every single one's got our pattern or Emory, and we're making sure we really consistent in what we do. And like you said, you just go and then Paste, Paste, Paste, Paste, yeah, excellent, excellent. I definitely think that's what you need. That's the only way you're going to achieve the consistency is making those templates, which is, we'll just keep thinking that as we're looking at how we're setting it up, making sure I can't really be asking anything up. Now, if it's not a template, because you're going to do it once a month as well make it a template. So that is fine. I do think I'm going to have to work with Odette on what we need. I don't think I'm ready yet. No, it's totally fine. It's just like I can give her advice and help her with guidance on, actually, how she would do it from that level of branding,1:09:15yeah, and she's, she's very literal,1:09:19so youIsabelle Em  1:09:20need to give her all the information and tell her where it needs to go, kind of literal,Helena E  1:09:26yeah, as in, I would say literal to know, creativity. No, no. Think she is very, very good at going this goes here, and I'm going to make this look like that.Isabelle Em  1:09:42I think she's been burned before. I think something happened in a previous job where she did let go, and then she, you know, with creativity, and she had these ideas. Is, but um, she just kept getting shut down, or she got in trouble, or something like that. Now she's just so cautious,Helena E  1:10:00scared about, yeah,Lisa Galea  1:10:02putting anything forward. Okay? So she needs confidence in her designs. Definite confidence boost. So I'm just make sure. So that's why I want to make don't want to go through and say that to her, like that shit. You can't choose that form, right? So let me make sure that I go through and so when I'm explaining it from a psychology, yeah, I'll give her that reason and say, This is what that means, and this is why you're doing it, and here is how you know this is fab. Honestly, no one knows that. It's not, not no one, but it's like one of the things that pisses me off the most about designers. They're just making useless brand guides. Like, I don't think anyone can follow them.Isabelle Em  1:10:40And you can always yeah guidance on the new website be like, Hey, since we're such a yeah premium thing, let's change it. And this sort of, my Jane, I understand where the director James was heading.Lisa Galea  1:10:51Yeah, she's done what. That's the thing. She's done, what your dad's told her, and your dad is not even like, when your dad gave me the scope and then he said, Oh, and I'm like, mate, that's the problem. Like, I have never had a customer know what they want or like, like, whatever they tell me their problem is, I need a logo. It's not normally the issue. So I normally, like, you know what you're asking me for is going to be different to what we deliver, because I will work out what you need. So I think they you've got her working for you. Her background is obviously in marketing, and she's obviously got a creative background, but she does, she's She's scared. She's scared. Okay, thank you.Helena E  1:11:29Yeah, and she's really good at the digital side of it, like she is a digital Yeah? They said we wanted to update the website.Isabelle Em  1:11:40She is definitely, I definitely think her degree is digital marketing, that rather than marketing, marketing, yeah?Lisa Galea  1:11:48And I'll come in and say, like, mine is behavioral, UX, yeah, and that's it. Not many people do know that. And I mean, funk psychology is pretty random, so, so I can like that, doesn't? I hope we will help her, like I will celebrate some of the things she's done, because I don't think it's definitely an improvement, but we just need to make sure that we're communicating from that view. I mean, everyone does get educated, but it's good that I know I need to come in from that, because I don't want to knock her confidence even more. You should have someone who and she doesIsabelle Em  1:12:23really, really good work, and she's very quick, very quick at responding, and she gets things done on time. She's very goodLisa Galea  1:12:29to work in house with you all the time.Isabelle Em  1:12:31She's Monday, Tuesday, Friday, usually in the office, and then Wednesday, Thursday, atLisa Galea  1:12:38home. Okay, cool. Yeah, excellent. Well, I think that we're going to need her making assets, because that's why I was like, we won't. How will you get this done? Exactly so but,Helena E  1:12:48and she has the capacity, at the moment to do that. If we put a halt on the website,1:12:53we're going to need to. I thinkLisa Galea  1:12:56there's no point.Isabelle Em  1:12:59But I think she can probably see that it's just as sort of a copy of the old website. We're not actually moving forward, yeah, taking it to the next level,Lisa Galea  1:13:09and that I mean, and that's really what she's been told to do, yes. So, yeah, so it's not her fault. So really that that would be good if I will keep I'm look, I'm going to have to spend some time getting my I've just been looking, I'm reading the reports as they're coming through, and just going, Okay, now I get it, but I still want to make sure we've put it together. So we're like, Okay, this is a target. What's their pain? I've been scraping as much as I can. Now I'll show you and say which where do you want to be? I mean, I think I know you want to we know where you want to be. You won't want to be tier 117 we want to be tier one. So I will really look at those websites. Yeah, when they need stainless Yeah, yeah. And so we need to know, why would they think of you? What is your difference? And I think we're starting to build that story out, yes, and then we need to know. We need to have case studies. So anything you can think of you will be needing to, like, this is a case study of how we solve the problem that these people have, which is a crappy, little weird room shapes how you did the custom design that you've already told me those stories. So then it's like, tell them that this is what their problem is, and this is how you solve it for people. Yes, okay, so that's again, remember, think people are Muppets, and I have to tell them everything, what they're going to do, right? So after they have that problem, they're going to contact you. So also you're going to give them tips and things that make it valuable. Say, Okay, this is what we want you to think of before you contact us. Or even you can say, Have you thought of this? And it shows, I think normally, it shows my client, my competition, because I'll ask those questions. Yeah, it's like everyone else has just chosen fonts and not asked us any questions. So I'm obviously better. I don't have to say anyone else is worse, because they're like, oh my god, like no one's even asked us these questions. Yeah, right. So the questions show my my level of where I'm at. Yeah? I don't have to tell you, right, yeah, who I am, because it's like, I've just asked you about your labeling. I've asked you, you know, like, I know a lot about packaging, and they'll be like, Oh my god, the other designer asked us what color we wanted. And so, you know, I'm knowing all the mandatories. And so it's sort of, is like, well, obviously that's why you paid this much money for me. And I don't have to say anything else. So I think that's that's how we want it to be so obvious that if you want to care, if you want your staff happy, and you want to have customers where it's sterilization is king now in all areas, like you can't have the housekeeper putting the germs in. Like people in England, my friends won't even go to hospital, because basically every time you go, you get stuff like that gold and whatever like, basically as soon as you go in hospital and that shit. So we're spoiled in Australia, so I'm glad I know your mom's care. Do you think your dad feels pretty much what you've said? Yeah, I think soIsabelle Em  1:16:14he's not going to make him not get the guys to make and produce a piece of equipment that's not going to help someone or make their life easier.Lisa Galea  1:16:22It's about making people's lives easier, isn't it? It's about making the builders lives easier. It's about making the people who are using it, and it's making the end, receiver, patient's life easier everybody,Helena E  1:16:33and that's with products and our services. Yeah,Lisa Galea  1:16:37so we really need now I can get my brain around that, and especially with what you've got already, I'll think of how I would like I mean, obviously I make up visions for people, so I will make that up, and then you can, we'll brainstorm that so we can lock it in. Yeah, and that's what I want to make sure we're on the schedule, because if she's got to have time to make stuff, so we've got, like, four weeks making time. That gives us two weeks of templating and sort of getting it done. So I want to we really, that's why I need to stay on top of the scope. And I'm making the trip overseas, the main aim, yeah, because we still can do other things after that. Do you know what I mean? You could continue making your distributor books as long as we've got the structuring. Yes, alright, well, I think good, good, good. Couple of weeks so far, my ladies and you're going to be on the job next week. And I'm glad you can see, you can go in there and have a look. And I think if you have a look on that notion page, I find like, just taking screenshots of the market, just to give me that visual, how does this look? Right? Yeah, and because it's like, I can compare how everyone else is doing it, and say, maybe do make a comment we love this, or this is how we want to feel, because it feels quite different. Say, this, am I sharing again? No, no, I'm trying to see one last thing this will be, this is, like, your feedback, this, see this, this one you feel that feels quite different to this one that's like, all sort of reports. Can you see? Yes, yeah, and that. So that's really, is like,Helena E  1:18:34and it's funny, because a lot of these people are actually distributors for us,Lisa Galea  1:18:41yeah, so that, well, they were the bronze section. I'm like, these are the So normally, if I was doing, like, if I'm doing this with a mentor or someone who's a personal brandy person, I'd be like, go and find, like a small business person. I say, go and find two people who like, go and look at your industry market. I want to see what the top looks like, how the best looks like. How does the worst look like? So give me two best, one worst, and then show me to where you want to fit in the middle. Like, where you fit in that range of shit, because how you look will be, you know, like, where do you where do you think? Are you at the top? Because, you know, one lady, I like Jamie Oliver's at the top. Obviously, his website doesn't have to say, I write cookbooks, because I'm Jamie Oliver. So when my customers going, I want to be Jamie Oliver, and I don't want all the words, because he's just got a picture of him. It's like, well, you're not Jamie Oliver. So let's go back to someone who's middle age. But I felt like these guys, I thought this would just give you and you'll be like. Like to see this one is just very, very simple. It is very so think about, remember their Muggles. I'm almost thinking for you when they come on. It's almost like you have the three menus like this, where it's like distributors, US market, you know, like there's so obvious that the homepage is really where you go in and we break off.Helena E  1:20:18Yes, like building an architect's distributors.Lisa Galea  1:20:22Are you? Are you an end user? Click here. Are you a building an architect? Click here. So then we actually don't have much on the homepage, apart from getting them out and the certification, so that it adds value and says that's bit to them. But really it's like, we don't want to go on and start the menu. Has to tell them as well what you do. Yes, as soon as I click on it, it really does reinforce what you do. So we will also look at those tabs and say, I get at least what you're talking about. And see that's got like, products, Knowledge Center, resources, service plans and about is last, right? Yes, this one again, is like logistics company, logistics software, RHD, medical technology services, all benefits, all benefits driven. It's so that is telling me immediately, like, oh, okay, they've got some documentation. Are they giving me resources. Are they doing this? So though, look products and solutions, services, insights, company, yeah, it doesn't say, you know, catalog, yes, but it's still got a button explore our products. Probably goes off to a catalog, but it's just that first impression that we need to tidy up. Okay, so have a look and say, Yes, I love this. Lisa, you can add a little comment and say, We love this section, because I think that would help a debt as well. Yes. And everyone will be like, yeah. That would be really useful for my team. And if you do see another website that you think is up your last or chuck it on there, feed our brains, because you guys are in there. Yeah, go have a fab Friday now, because it's done. Perfect.Helena E  1:22:20Thanks, Lisa. I've written a few of those things down for us to do, so we'll get them to you. But we're both at a conference in Melbourne from Monday afternoon,Lisa Galea  1:22:30I knew that I'm thinking you guys are offline next week a bit, but I am going to give you like those searching things I thought you could do in the evening, looking up LinkedIn people. Yeah, but yeah. I need to get my brain to make sure now I make this data useful for us so we can quickly move forward. Not just think about it, but I just wanted you to know it is all there if you and have the best day. On purpose, I'm going to a pizza opening that I did the, I did the band for today. Like the thing he had to came and asked me, he's my man who does all my pizzas. He's very fun.Helena E  1:23:05You have to let us know if it's good. It should be good,Lisa Galea  1:23:09because he does all my food here. Yeah. So we got, we've got a pizza oven. Oh yeah, and it's, it's filled 40 seconds to make a pizza. Oh, wow, really, yeah, that's how long it's so hot it's actually a pain in the ass. And if you get any cheese on it, you know, like He's a mad man. He's throwing pizzas from Sicily. So it's way better when he comes then if you actually, you start doing yourself and think I could just put one in the oven, that'll be very quick again, yeah. But when He comes, he's all, like, on the ball with balls, and then it is really nice to guess it's good for parties. So yeah, Giuseppe is pretty fun, and he comes and has a drink with you after so, oh, nice. Well, enjoyed. I will. I'm gonna go and look Jack's girlfriend's working there as a waitress.1:23:53Oh, nice. It'd be nice.Lisa Galea  1:23:56Have the best day, and good luck next week. But I'll just keep in touch. I'm pleased with what we're finding out and ourHelena E  1:24:02community, and just text us if you need anything, because we we'll have our phones. Yeah, yeah.Lisa Galea  1:24:06Is that your preferred method? Like we just, I just send you it in that text, rather than another email with another shift. Yeah,1:24:12emails can get1:24:14lost. Yeah,Speaker 2  1:24:20okay, perfect. Thanks, Lisa, all right, I doubt it. I'll keep in touch. Bye, bye. You.Speaker 1  1:24:24I. You So look. Yeah. I.- 1 -00Transcribed by https://otter.ai